


Spanish Translation

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Next
Title:Spanish Translation
Original Air Date:April 14, 1994
Guest Stars:Susan Powter, Kevin Meaney, The Bee Gees
Synopsis:After declaring his fondness for Mexican food, Space Ghost asks diet guru Susan Powter what super powers help "stop the insanity." Comedian Kevin Meaney discusses the virtues of wearing tight pants and the Bee Gees stop by for a short, bizarre visit.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:START FEED
(Opening theme and titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Hello! I am Space Ghost. Welcome to my show. (waves) Joining us on this program will be motivational speaker and talk show host, Susan Powter, and comedian Kevin Meaney. Please say hello to the band, Zorak and the Original Way Outs!
(The Way Outs play Space Ghost to his desk)
(The Ghost Planet is small in the distance and grows larger as it approaches the windows behind Space Ghost.)
Space Ghost: Aaah! Sorry. (invisos to desk) Before we begin, I'd just like to point out to our viewers that although it may seem like the Ghost Planet behind me is really close, it's actually millions and millions of miles away. So, don't worry, we're not going to run into it or anything.
CRASH!
(The set shakes as the Ghost Planet hits the studio.  A siren begins to wail, the shaking continues)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Damage report?
Moltar: (as Star Trek's Scotty) She's breaking up!  She's gonna blow, Space Ghost!
Zorak: (as the "Lost in Space" robot) Danger!  Danger!
Space Ghost: Got... to do... something...
Zorak: (as Ren) Space Ghost, you eediot!
Space Ghost: (as Homer Simpson) D'oh!
(Picture dissolves into a series of static and test patterns, including one from TV-JAPAN and a hand-written sign that says "Accom", finally ending up on a clip from the Zorak & Moltar nursery rhymes, from later in the episode. The camera pulls back to reveal Brak and Sisto watching on a monitor.)
Brak: Aagh! Change it! Aagh! Aagh! This sucks!
Sisto: (changes channel) Uh huh, uh huh huh, this is cool. Uh huh, uh huh huh.
Brak: Yeah, heh heh heh, they're gonna die, heh heh, heh heh. Fire! Fire! (pause) Aagh! (changes channel again)
(Back in the studio)
Space Ghost: My first guest is on a mission to stop the insanity, please welcome Susan Powter.
(Monitor lowers, Susan appears, eating a bowl of pasta salad)
Susan Powter: (to person off-camera) Yup... a little salt would be good. (stands up and walks off camera)
Space Ghost: Hello Susan.  Susan?  Moltar, what's she doing?
(Cut to control room. Monitor shows Susan getting out of her seat, with following text:
Frequency:Allocation:     23.3Distribution:   7....Modulation:     1.75Surplus Cheese: 4.5
Moltar: (in control room) She's eating pasta salad.
Zorak: Perhaps she saw your face and decided to split, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Zorak, just remember who has the Orkin man on their speed dial!
Zorak: Oh yeah?
Moltar: Enough! Susan's back!
(Susan is back on the monitor)
Space Ghost: Susan, welcome to the show. I take much pleasure in knowing you.
Spanish Translator: (with subtitles) Mucho gusto en conocerte.
Space Ghost: Tell us, who are you really? What's your secret identity?
Susan Powter: My secret identity? Um, well, I may as well, I may as well tell you here, sitting here with you, Space Ghost.  I'm really a transsexual, actually. I'm not a woman at all.
Space Ghost: (blinks) Really?
Susan Powter: The real identity is me. It's, uh, about as much me as you can get, when I'm up on the stage.
Space Ghost: So, do you have any super powers that you use to stop the insanity?
Susan Powter: Yeah, female intuition, the most powerful thing in the universe.
Space Ghost: Yeah, right. You talk about women taking over the world.  Is this something that I'll be forced to stop in the near future?
Susan Powter: (Laughs) Yeah, we're going to take over the world, so you're gonna have to battle us.
Space Ghost: (slouch position, nodding) Susan, you have some food in your teeth...
Susan Powter: (cleans her teeth with her finger)
Space Ghost: That's better.  You were born in Australia, have you ever been snatched away by a pack of wild dingoes? (wild dingo howling sound)
Susan Powter: No, I, I, I escaped the bush narrowly. Narrowly escaped the bush.
Space Ghost: I think we have some footage of you escaping the bush.  Roll that clip, Moltar!
(Film clip rolls, from a Japanese "Ultra 7" movie; silhouettes of Moltar, Zorak, and Space Ghost in movie theatre seats at bottom of screen, a la MST3000. Zorak coughs throughout the clip)
Narrator: People are afraid to leave their homes.  They cringe behind locked doors, trembling with fear!  Wondering who the deadly 'bush' will strike next! Meantime, the hideous creatures are multiplying fast!
Zorak: This actually isn't too bad. (clip ends)
Space Ghost: My, that's frightening. What do your arch enemies look like, Susan? What scares you?
Susan Powter: Any freeze-dried yogurty, malty lookin' thing.  Anything white and creamy freeze-dried, stay away from it.
Space Ghost: Yes!  I certainly will. You must be in awe of my super colossal strength!
Susan Powter: I'm in awe of any man that wears wristbands like yours.
Space Ghost: Can you see every painful detail of my muscular physique?
Susan Powter: (laughs) You are a specimen!  (laughs) In more ways than one.
Sisto: She said 'specimen', huh, huh...
Brak: Yeah, heh, heh... heh, heh. I'll get it.
Space Ghost: Thank you.  Say, I was thinking of coming out with my own diet plan, do you have any advice for me to follow?
Susan Powter: Fly fast, and uh, whatever it is ya eat, make sure it's high volume, low fat. (laughs)  What do you eat, anyway?
Space Ghost: Chemicals, tacos, fajitas, chimichangas, quesadillas, burritos, refried beans, flan, sopapillas, cheese dip, the speedy with beans, hot tamales...
Susan Powter: Well, that's what we eat too.  Hey, it's the same thing.  We're all eating chemicals.
Space Ghost: Yes, they help me do my job.
Susan Powter: And what do you do?
Space Ghost: I fly and save planets from peril.
Susan Powter: Why doncha come on down and help us here, 'cause we're dying! (camera zooms in at end of sentence)
Space Ghost: Will do, Citizen.  Thanks for being on the show, Susan, and good luck stopping the insanity.
Susan Powter: Well, good luck saving the planets, and please help us here, 'cause we really do need your help.
Space Ghost: Okay!  Don't go away, we'll be right back.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
(Moltar watches Zorak on monitor; various satellite coordinates are displayed on the screen)
Space Ghost: Alrighty!  My next guest is from Los Angeles, he is a stand up comedian, please welcome Kevin Meaney.
(Kevin appears on the monitor; Zorak and the Way Outs play, Kevin stares in disbelief)
Kevin Meaney: (to Zorak) What is wrong with you?
Zorak: Does my music frighten you?
Kevin Meaney: Yes!
Zorak: (laughs, a la Beavis and Butthead)
Space Ghost: I'm terribly sorry. Welcome Kevin, I trust the particle transformation was comfy, do you have enough oxygen?
Kevin Meaney: Absolutely, Space Ghost, I couldn't be more comfortable, thank you for asking.
Space Ghost: You're welcome.  Tell us, are you keeping busy?
Kevin Meaney: I certainly am, uh, I travel all throughout the galaxy, uh, you know, doing my comedy.  (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Say Kevin, what would your mother think of you being on my show?
Kevin Meaney: (imitating his mom) Oh my God, we turned on the TV this afternoon and guess who we saw?  Space Ghost!... Interviewing Kevin!  It was crazy!  I don't get it. Are you involved with the FBI or something?  Mmm-mm-mm!
Space Ghost: Kevin, I have many super powers and a colossal bulk that frightens evil villains, what do you have that will impress us?
Kevin Meaney: Well, Space Ghost, I have an incredible head of hair.
Spanish Translator: (with subtitles) Tengo un peinado increible.
Zorak: (not impressed) Astonishing. (laughs)
Space Ghost: (Grits his teeth, aims a ray at Zorak)
Kevin Meaney: Oh my God! Space Ghost!  Don't do that!
(Space Ghost blasts Zorak with his ray)
Zorak: Ouch!
Space Ghost: Already done!
Kevin Meaney: I... think you've crossed the line here.
Space Ghost: Yeah, whatever.
Kevin Meaney: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Kevin, I wear a pantsuit and a cape.
Spanish Translator: (with subtitles) Me visto con ma yas y capa.
Space Ghost: I wear a pantsuit and a cape. So what do you think of my tight pants?
Kevin Meaney: Well, let me tell you something, Mr. Tight-Pants-wearing Space Ghost! (imitates his mother) I don't like them one bit!  Walking around the universe with tight pants on, it's not right!  You're like a crazy person!  What's wrong with you? What if President Kennedy finds out about this? He'll think the school has been infiltrated by Communist spies. And the Monsignor will be black-listed, and the Pope...
Space Ghost: It's been a thrill having you on.  Come back and see us again. (:INTERRUPT FEED)
Kevin Meaney: What do you mean, (:INTERRUPT FEED) you can't hear, I (:INTERRUPT FEED) Space Ghost.
:INTERRUPT FEED
(battle scenes from old "Space Ghost" cartoons)
Male Announcer: You've seen 'em outwit Space Ghost in horrendous space battles, now, hear 'em sing your favorite nursery rhymes and lullabies!  It's Zorak and Moltar! (picture of record album flies up on screen) Just listen...
(Inset of Zorak singing, with song titles scrolling)
Zorak: (sings, sort of)Rock a bye Space GhostSay your prayers,My Locust ship is arrivingand I will conquer you!And the universe will beMINE! MINE! MINE! (evil laugh)
(Song titles)
BA BA BLACK SHEEP OF THE FAMILYROCK A BYE SPACE GHOSTROCKET-BYE BABYMOLTAR HAD A LITTLE LASERGOODNITE, SLEEP TIGHT, LOCUST BITEANTENNA LOVE
Male Announcer: Like angels!  Never before has such evil villainous scum recorded such a masterpiece, one the whole family can enjoy!  Here's another favorite...
(Inset of Zorak and Moltar singing, with song titles scrolling)
Zorak: Twinkle, twinkle, little...
Moltar: Star!
Zorak: We know exactly where you...
Moltar: Are!
Zorak: You can't run and you can't...
Moltar: Hide!
Zorak: Because we'll find you, Space Ghost, and the universe will be...
Zorak & Moltar: OURS! OURS! OURS! (evil laugh)
(Song titles)
LITTLE BOY BLUE COME CONQUER THE WORLDTWINKLE TWINKLEWE'RE COMING 2 GET UON TOP OF SPAGHETTIB-I-N-G-(OW!)LA LA LA LA LOCUSTSHARING MEANS GIMME!GET TO BED NOW!EENIE MEENIE MINEY MOLTARDISGRUNTLED LOCUSTIT'S NOT EASY BEING MEANIF YOU SEE KAY TELL HER I CALLED
Male Announcer: Yes, just imagine... You'll be the envy of all your friends when you order this collector's item and play it really loud! Just send ninety-four dollars to the address on your screen.
(Screen graphic during voice-over)
JUST SEND $94.00(PLUS $39.95 S & H TO)ZORAK & MOLTARSing the Nursery Rhymes and Favorite LullabiesP.O. BOX 18748765122009SPACE, THE UNIVERSE668000112Satisfaction Guaranteed or nearly all of your money back. Pleaseallow 3 to 4 millennia for delivery. Sharrock Records is a division ofCogswell Cogs, Inc.  Offer not available after curfew in sectors R or N.
Male Announcer: (reading really fast) Zorak & Moltar sing the Nursery Rhymes and Favorite Lullabies, P.O. box one eight seven four eight seven six five one two two zero zero nine, space, the universe, six six eight zero zero zero one one two. Order now! That's right, only ninety-four dollars!
Female Announcer: Available at Murray's.
Space Ghost: (at desk, watching commercial) Hmmmmm.  That's expensive.
Moltar: How could this be? There's three of them!
Space Ghost: Moltar!  What is it?
Moltar: It's the blasted Bee Gees! (more satellite data is displayed on the monitor)
Space Ghost: What?  How can this be?
Moltar: They say you called them to be on the show!
Space Ghost: Why, I never called... Zorak!
Zorak: Uh, I must go to the store to get butter and cheese.
Spanish Translator: (with subtitles) Tengo que ir a la tienda a comprar mantequilla y queso.
Zorak: I must go to the store to get butter and cheese.
Moltar: Standby, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Hello, Bee Ghees, are you in good spirits?
Bee Gees: It depends on what we've been eating, Space Ghost, it depends on the food. Come on, Space Ghost, come on! (they all talk & laugh continuously)
Space Ghost: (to himself) This is the Bee Gees, boy, if only we could really, just, fry them.
Bee Gees: (continue to laugh)
Space Ghost: (zaps the Bee Gees) Hey fellas, I know a great Polynesian restaurant up the street.
Zorak: I could go for a pu pu platter.
(Credits roll)

EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki JonesKeith Crofford
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
DESIGN & PRODUCTION COMPANYDESIGNefx
CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea Mansour
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeySusan DetrieFrederike GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan Newsome
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
MUSICAL DIRECTOREddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerCecilia MazaAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
AUDIOGreg CrawfordRob SandersDave Wilson
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PROJECT MANAGERLeah Alford
INTERVIEWERSJustin AshforthAaron MendelsonAndy Merrill
TECHNICAL SUPPORTJeff BarronDave DubielMichael Ivey
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerMargo de la CruzMichael Tew
TheOriginal Way OutsareREALLY GOODSupportthe genius ofSonny Sharrock

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Next


 


Gilligan

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Gilligan
Original Air Date:April 21, 1994
Guest Stars:Bob Denver, Dawn Wells, Russell Johnson
Synopsis:Three stranded castaways, Bob Denver (Gilligan), Dawn Wells (Mary Ann) and Russell Johnson (The Professor), take their turns in the video monitor. Zorak declares, "I am the lone locust of the apocalypse. Think of me when you look to the night sky."

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:START FEED
(Scene from "Gilligan's Island" episode "The Producer"; Gilligan sings "To Be Or Not To Be" as Zorak spins the shipwheel record player, next to the Professor)
(Opening theme & credits)
Space Ghost: (Invisos in) Greetings. I am Space Ghost. You just saw Zorak when he was guest starring on "Gilligan's Island" back in the 60's. Hey Zorak! That was pretty good!
Zorak: I'm a dues paying member of The Screen Locusts Guild.
Space Ghost: Zorak's been bugging me, bugging me, get it? to get these guys on the show. So tonight we have three getaways from "Gilligan's Island".
Zorak: That's "castaways", you s... uh...
Space Ghost: Whatever.
(Zorak plays Space Ghost to his desk)
Space Ghost: (Invisos in to desk) (laughs) Buggin' me. Alrighty! My first guest...
Zorak: Er, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What, Zorak?
Zorak: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Nothin'.
Space Ghost: Grrrrr...
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (monitor lowers with video clip of locust swarm) You know, Zorak is a locust. Locusts are known to swarm about and leave their shells stuck to trees.
Zorak: (looking at monitor) Mom?
Space Ghost: They carry diseases like a fly. They are evil, green, and occasionally played the heavy in late 70's films.
Space Ghost: My first guest is Gilligan himself, welcome Bob Denver!
Bob Denver: (monitor lowers again, Bob's image appears) Right, I'm ready.
Space Ghost: Citizen Bob, you have a book out, "Gilligan, Maynard and Me." Tell us about it.
Bob Denver: Well, it's a book about one character I played, Maynard G. Krebs, on a series called "Dobie Gillis", and then it's about Gilligan, and all the funny things that happened when I was shooting, you know, both shows.
Space Ghost: Citizen, could I affectionately call you Gilligan?
Bob Denver: (laughs) Sure.
Space Ghost: Fine! Gilligan! Yes, I rather like that!
Bob Denver: Well, good for you! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! When you did "The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island," did you think the writers had gone far enough with the idea?
Gilligan: I think so, I think it was like, the crowning achievement was to have the Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island.
Space Ghost: I see. You were on that island for 15 years, how did you recharge the batteries for that radio?
Gilligan: It was a TV show, you know, we knew that, we didn't believe that we were really on an island, you know, uh, so...
Space Ghost: But you can fly like you did on the show, correct?
Gilligan: Oh, well, you know, I guess...
Space Ghost: And that "To Be or Not To Be" song, you really sang that, didn't you?
Gilligan: No, I'm afraid I can't...
Space Ghost: Sing it!
Gilligan: No, no, I can't sing. Sorry.
Space Ghost: What are ya, too important to sing it now, you got a cookbook like Mary Ann?
Gilligan: Oh...
Space Ghost: Sing the "To Be or Not To Be" song!
Gilligan: (sings) "To be or not to be, that is the question that I" ... that's as far as I can go. (laughs) I have to get my book out, and look up the words.
Space Ghost: We have a clip from that... But, we're not going to show it. (chuckles) Say, "to be or not to be", That's Shakespeare, isn't it?
Gilligan: Yes, from "Hamlet".
Space Ghost: Don't you think "Hamlet" would have been funnier if they were stranded on a desert island?
Gilligan: (laughs) No, I don't think so.
Space Ghost: Oh, I do.
Gilligan: Oh, well, I think it's up to, you know, your taste there, you know, Mr. Space Ghost. I mean, it's, I think it's just good the way it is.
Space Ghost: Hey, listen to me! I'm talking Shakespeare with Gilligan!
Postman: Package for Space Ghost.
(A round, black bomb with "BOMB" written on it and a hissing fuse appears on Space Ghost's desk)
Space Ghost: Oh, look! It's from Zorak!
(The bomb explodes, as the smoke clears, Space Ghost crashes to the floor)
Space Ghost: Ouch!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: (still laughing)
Space Ghost: (not realizing cameras are on) You just keep it up Zorak!
Moltar: Space Ghost, we're back...
Space Ghost: I don't care that we're back! Zorak, I'll blister your butt so bad...
Moltar: Space Ghost, we're back!
Space Ghost: Moltar! Don't these cameras have those little red thingies on 'em? ("Surplus Cheese" info is on the set monitor)
Moltar: No!
Space Ghost: Well they should! (clears throat) My next castaway played Mary Ann, please welcome Dawn Wells!
Dawn Wells: (appears on the monitor) So far so good.
Space Ghost: Welcome, Dawn.
Dawn Wells: Hello!
Space Ghost: Bob Denver says Gilligan's Island wasn't real. What do you say?
Dawn Wells: That's true! It's not real!
Space Ghost: Get out!
Dawn Wells: It's overwhelming, isn't it?
Space Ghost: What's overwhelming?
Zorak: The fact that the show wasn't real.
Space Ghost: No, I mean "overwhelming", what does it mean?
Zorak: Uh, it's an adjective, uh, means extreme or great.
Moltar: (in control room) It means you're an idiot.
Space Ghost: I see, so Dawn, what have you been up to?
Dawn Wells: Mary Ann's been writing a cookbook. A "Gilligan's Island" cookbook. I call it, uh, "Recipes and Reminiscence".
Space Ghost: Does Mary Ann have any recipes for Tina Louise humble pie?
Dawn Wells: (laughs) Not a lot of that. No! There some Tina Louise recipes, however. Some "Ginger Snaps" and a few of those. (laughs)
Zorak: What's Tina's problem?
Dawn Wells: I don't think she had one. I just don't think she's real happy with, um, always being connected with "Gilligan's Island", I think Tina's more serious about her dramatic career than a comedy career.
Space Ghost: And who isn't? Eh, Dawn, which episode is your favorite?
Dawn Wells: I think the one to do, to film, was the, was the "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" episode and it was, I got to be an Eliza Doodle character with a cockney accent... But I think the one I like to watch most was the "Hamlet".
Space Ghost: Zorak was in that one, remember?
Dawn Wells: Oh yes.
Space Ghost: He's a locust.
Dawn Wells: Sexy kinda guy.
Space Ghost: Gilligan and I were just talking Shakespeare, what do you think about that?
Dawn Wells: (laughs) That's an odd conversation... coming from the two of you.
Space Ghost: Do you think kids named Mobley are secretly planning crimes against the world?
Dawn Wells: Yeah! And I, you, you wouldn't know it unless somebody told ya, that somebody was thinking that.
Zorak: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: What now?
Zorak: I am the Lone Locust of the Apocalypse. Think of me when you look to the night sky.
Space Ghost: I will. (to Dawn) Dawn, you seem so nice, it must be my birthday! So, when you were added to the opening song how did you feel?
Dawn Wells: Oh, thank God! Actually it was a political thing, we were, we weren't ostracized and kept from that in the beginning, it was Tina Louise's contract was signed before ours, and it said that, you know, nobody could be after her, so...
Space Ghost: So there goes Tina again, causing problems!
Dawn Wells: (pointing and laughing) You're good, this is fun!
Space Ghost: Yes, I am. Tell us some behind the scenes stuff, give us the dirt!
Dawn Wells: No. I don't think there was anything really juicy that went on.
Space Ghost: No funny anecdotes?
Dawn Wells: There's a cute little story about my teeth...
Space Ghost: (laughs for a long time as if it was a joke.) Whew, boy!
Zorak: Oh brother.
Space Ghost: Alrighty! How about your book, what's your favorite recipe?
Dawn Wells: Home made raviolis.
Space Ghost: Say, now that's Italian. Can we come over for dinner?
Dawn Wells: Yeah! I can make chili and everything!
Space Ghost: How about Zorak and Moltar?
Dawn Wells: Oh boy, I don't know...
Space Ghost: Then it's a date! We'll see you after the show.
Dawn Wells: Okay! (laughs) (she disappears from the monitor)
Zorak: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: I... have to potty.
Space Ghost: You should do that before the show! What are you, a child?
Zorak: No! I am the Lone Locust of the Apocalypse. Think of me when...
Space Ghost: When I look to the night sky? Yeah, right. Moltar! Is the Professor ready?
Moltar: Uh, yeah.
Space Ghost: Russel Johnson, he played the Professor.
(Monitor screen has a professor character from an old black & white movie)
Space Ghost: Russell? Moltar!
Dawn Wells: (on control room monitor, with foreign text on the screen) I wore, the two little teeth next to your front teeth were shorter than my teeth are..
Moltar: Mm Hmm.
Dawn Wells: ... and I didn't want to grind down two good teeth and put caps on them...
Moltar: Mm Hmm.
Dawn Wells: But they're very expensive and they're very thin and they're very fragile and lots of times if you leave them in you make a mistake and drink coffee and chew them up...
Space Ghost: (invisos to the control room) So this is what you're up to! Prepare your hiney for another blast from the spank ray!
Zorak: (on control monitor) Yes! Yes!
Moltar: No!
Zorak: (in studio, sitting at Space Ghost's desk) Ewww... warm seat! (monitor screen counts down, then shows "THE LOCUST COMETH" "A Film tribute to ZORAK") Let me entertain you! Roll em! Mmmmm, classic Zorak! Me in "Courtship"...
excerpt from "Courtship of Eddie's Father", "Boys Night Out")
Zorak: Bill, I respect you.
Bill Bixby: How about love?
Zorak: Yeah, that too.
Zorak: Me in "Gilligan"
(Another excerpt from "Gilligan's Island")
Moltar: (off screen) Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: (in control room, watching the monitor) Zorak! (invisos back to set) You didn't leave any larvae on my chair did you?
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Hold on Russell... need to get situated here... (flies to desk and sits down, chair squeaks) Okay! Do you have enough air?
Russell Johnson: (laughs) I have enough oxygen, thank you. I am comfortable, Space Ghost. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Good! Eh, Russell, everybody has books, tell us about your book.
Russell Johnson: Well, I have a book out called "Here on Gilligan's Isle". It's, uh, concern's my, uh, time on the island...
Space Ghost: So you really were on that island. Bob and Dawn claim it wasn't real!
Russell Johnson: (thinking) No. I had to think about that. No, it wasn't real.
Space Ghost: Sure it wasn't! This is all a conspiracy!
Russell Johnson: No conspiracy there...
Space Ghost: Quick! What is pi?
Russell Johnson: Pi are square. Some people think they are round but they are square.
Space Ghost: Russell rhymes with muscle.
Russell Johnson: Oh, yeah. Yeah. (laughs) Anyway, next question please, Space Cadet.
Zorak: Space Cadet! (insane laugh)
Space Ghost: Sing us a song, Russell.
Russell Johnson: Oh! (Hums 4 bars from the "Gilligan's Island" theme) Here on Gilligan's Isle, hey!
Space Ghost: All those years and you forgot the words?
Russell Johnson: I'm sending them to you... telepathically, yes, don't you get that? Space Man, Space Master... You getting it? Yeah?
Space Ghost: (clock ticking in background) I'm getting it alright.
Russell Johnson: Okay.
Space Ghost: (clock ticks, then stops as bell sounds) We're way outta time, thanks for joining us...
Russell Johnson: Listen, I'd, I'd like to ask you a question.
Space Ghost: Go ahead, Earth boy.
Russell Johnson: Are you related to Beavis or Butthead?
Space Ghost: You can't say "butt" on this program! (zaps Russell off monitor)

EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki JonesKeith Crofford
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
DESIGN & PRODUCTION COMPANYDESIGNefx
CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea Mansour
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeySusan DetrieFrederike GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan Newsome
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
MUSICAL DIRECTOREddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
AUDIOGreg CrawfordRob SandersDave Wilson
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PROJECT MANAGERLeah Alford
INTERVIEWERAaron Mendelson
TECHNICAL SUPPORTJeff BarronDave DubielMichael Ivey
ASSISTANT EDITORSMichael PittsMark Davis
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerMargo de la CruzMichael Tew
TheOriginal Way OutsareREALLY GOODSupportthe genius ofSonny Sharrock

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Elevator

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Elevator
Original Air Date:May 5, 1994
Guest Stars:Judy Tenuta, Timothy Leary, Ashley Judd
Synopsis:Self-proclaimed goddess of the galaxy Judy Tenuta and Space Ghost decide to visit the Elvis Chapel in Las Vegas. Space Ghost also talks with Dr. Timothy Leary, a man branded by Nixon as "the most dangerous man alive." Then, it's tacos for everybody, even actress Ashley Judd.
Trivia:Although this was the third episode aired, it was actually the first episode produced.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:START FEED
(opening theme and titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings! I am Space Ghost. Welcome to the show. Appearing with us on this episode will be the comedienne Judy Tenuta, and the dissident Dr. Timothy Leary. Say hello to my band, Zorak and the Original Way Outs!
(The Way Outs play Space Ghost to his desk)
Space Ghost: Let's get started! Please welcome stand-up comedienne Judy Tenuta!
(Judy appears on monitor)
Judy Tenuta: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Welcome to my show, Citizen Tenuta!
Judy Tenuta: (in falsetto voice) Oh, hello!
Space Ghost: How was the transport to the Ghost Planet? Are you comfortable?
Judy Tenuta: Oh, I would be a lot more comfy if I could sit on you, Space Ghost! (plays accordion) You should be my furniture!
Space Ghost: (blushes, laughs nervously) Um, Judy, what is your true form? Tell me your secret identity.
Judy Tenuta: Space Ghost! Then it would not be a secret! Come clo-o-oser to the goddess, and I will tell you (Space Ghost scoots closer) No! Not that close! You cannot possess me! (he scoots back) No! O-o-o-oh! I am the Goddess of the Galaxy! (plays accordion) Also known as (voice change) Rue McClanahan!
Zorak: Yes! The Golden Girls! I love the one where they all eat contaminated Geritol and die!
Space Ghost: Zorak, that's not one of their episodes!
Zorak: Well, it should have been.
Space Ghost: Judy, what sort of super-powers do you possess?
Judy Tenuta: Sometimes I get possessed, I get possessed by others, like Cher! Oh no, here she comes! (doing Cher impression, sings) "Ohhh, if I could turn back time..." (romantic music swells in background) What does that do for you, Space Ghost? (she winks, her eye sparkles)
Space Ghost: I see you have your accordion. I command you to play it!
Judy Tenuta: Space Ghost! The Goddess does not take orders! No! Take that back, take that back! Get on your knees and beg me!
Space Ghost: No, I think not.
Judy Tenuta: Okay, I'll do a song for you now. (plays accordion and sings:)Ohhhh! I love Space Ghost,He's a hot stud, yeah...Polka!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Judy, tell me, is there anything you admire about me?
Judy Tenuta: Oh, Space Ghost, I love it that you are invisible, and that you don't eat my food, because you're a cartoon character, you know, like my big fat roommate Blowsanne! (does Roseanne voice) Hey, Judy, hey, I want that donut 'n stuff! (makes raspberry sound)
Space Ghost: It sounds like you have many friends. Do people want to be your friend because you're so famous?
Judy Tenuta: Space Ghost, you must remember one thing: friends are just enemies who don't have the guts to kill you!
Space Ghost: Judy, are friends just enemies who don't have the guts to kill you?
Judy Tenuta: Yes! Friends are just enemies who don't have the guts to kill you!
Space Ghost: Listen, are you ever going to play Vegas?
Judy Tenuta: That's right, and I'm engaged to Sigfried and Roy, and I get to be the husband! It could happen! (plays accordion)
Space Ghost: Maybe you and I could go to Vegas, visit the Elvis chapel?
Judy Tenuta: Yeah! That could happen, my hormones are slam dancin'! I think I have to sing about it! (plays accordion and sings:)Space Ghost, Space Ghost,He's got muscles that you can't see,Space Ghost, Space Ghost,And he can count to three,Space Gho-o-ost!
Space Ghost: She digs me! (flies through ceiling into space)
Judy Tenuta: Can you handle it, hog? (she disappears from monitor)
Moltar: Is he gone?
Zorak: Yes!
Moltar: Let's get out of here!
(Screen shows 1950's "More To Come..." station break transition)
(Zorak and Moltar enter elevator with Jack Benny)
Zorak: Hey, Jack!
Moltar: How are the kids, Jack? (laughs)
Space Ghost: (lands on floor in studio) Ouch! Where'd everybody go?
Moltar: (in elevator) He's pathetic! (laughs with Zorak)
Space Ghost: Hello? I've got to find these guys! (flies back into space) We'll be back after a word from our sponsor.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
(Way Outs play lead-in music)
Space Ghost: (hums to himself) All right! We're back. As you know, I got my start in show business doing action adventure. To keep with that tradition, I have a few rare clips that Moltar has found back in the vault. The good people of Earth call them "blooters."
Moltar: That's bloopers, Space Fool!
Space Ghost: Bloopers.
Moltar: Oh, how I hate you.
Space Ghost: Acknowledged. Now, there are some days when it seems like nothing goes right. Roll the clip.
(Space Ghost flies in space; he uses his destructo ray)
Director: Cut! Space Ghost! That was my car!
Space Ghost: Oops! Sorry, Mr. Landis.
(Moltar and Zorak laugh in background)
Space Ghost: (puts his hand over his face) Moltar, stop! I am embarrassed!
Moltar: Too bad! (continues to laugh, rolls next clip)
Space Ghost: (on blooper reel) (blasting with destructo ray) Hey, how do you turn these things off? Unplug me! Unplug me!
Space Ghost: Enough, you fiend! Cut it out!
Zorak: Space Ghost, can I ask you something?
Space Ghost: Sure!
Zorak: Why are you so stupid? (laughs with Moltar)
Space Ghost: Stupid? Who was waiting for you clowns when you got off the elevator?
Zorak: You were.
Space Ghost: Alrighty! Our next guest has been called Uncle Tim, the guru of psychedelic utopians. Please welcome citizen Dr. Timothy Leary! (Dr. Leary appears on monitor) Welcome to the show, Dr. Leary. Do you have enough oxygen?
Timothy Leary: (talks but no sound comes out) (Zorak laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar, turn on his mike!
Moltar: Whuh oh! (throws switch to turn on microphone)
Space Ghost: We all make mistakes, just make that your last, Moltar.
Moltar: Yeah, whatever. (laughs) (Space Ghost blasts him) Aaagh!
Zorak: (laughs) (Space Ghost blasts him, too) No!!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Now Timothy, tell me, what's your secret identity?
Timothy Leary: I'm an outlaw, I'm a, a counter-culture person, and that's where I like to be, out there on the, on the front lines, uh, with my friends.
Space Ghost: What sort of super-powers do you possess?
Timothy Leary: Oh, we flood your eyeballs, over, overload your, uh, your earballs, I give you patterns and swirls of color, and, uh, makin' you feel better and better, yeah, the power of using light to, uh, to enhance consciousness and alter consciousness is the tricks I'm using now, and, so far, they're legal, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Now, Tim, people depend on me to defend their planets and save millions of innocent lives from impending doom. What do you feel people expect from you?
Timothy Leary: Uh, Richard Nixon called me -- I'm proud of this, Space Ghost -- he called me the most dangerous man alive, and of course, I tried to be as dangerous to him as I could be. Outsiders, uh, like me a lot because I've given the man fits, so I've got a lot of friends out there.
Space Ghost: Let me ask you one thing: are friends just enemies who... um, anyway, I fly, you don't.
Timothy Leary: Yeah.
Space Ghost: I'm a super-hero, you're not.
Timothy Leary: It's alright.
Space Ghost: You must be in awe of my extraordinary powers.
Timothy Leary: I agree, uh, you're my idol, and I hope in my next, uh, incarnation I'll, I'll be floatin' up there with you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Yeah, whatever. Thanks, Tim, come see us again, won't you?
Timothy Leary: Oh no... (image fades away)
Space Ghost: Okay! That's it! Let's go get some tacos!
Zorak: Alright! (laughs)
Moltar: Space Ghost! You have an incoming transmission. (control room monitor displays a TBS logo, followed by a graphic reading "HERE IS WHAT WE DO!" with a smiley face button. Announcer on the monitor says "Here is what we do.")
Space Ghost: Well? Who is it?
Moltar: It's Ashley Judd, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Ashley Judd? I thought she was next week! Alright, put her through. I'm famished! Greetings, Ashley, we're hungry! Would you like to run out and get us some tacos?
Ashley Judd: Not particularly.
Space Ghost: Well then, could you whip us up some?
Ashley Judd: I can bake really good chocolate pies.
Space Ghost: Tacos, Ashley, tacos. You know, Mexican. We're out of here, you're welcome to join us at the Taco Bonito. Zorak, on the one!
Ashley Judd: I can bake really good chocolate pies.
(Credits roll)
(Elevator floor indicator goes up and down during following dialog)
Space Ghost: (hums) So, anyone watch "Seinfeld" last night?
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Was it a repeat?
Zorak: There's something on your cape.
Space Ghost: Has it been there all night?
Moltar: It's... not that noticeable. (ding!) (door opens, somebody steps in)
Space Ghost: How ya doin'?
Person: Alright.
Space Ghost: Good, good, good. (ding!) (ding!) (ding!) (ding!) Zorak, are you sure you know where this restaurant is?
Zorak: Yes! (door opens) Oops, wrong floor. I... think it's the next one.

EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki JonesKeith Crofford
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
DESIGN & PRODUCTION COMPANYDESIGNefx
CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea Mansour
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeySusan DetrieFrederike GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan Newsome
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
AUDIOGreg CrawfordRob SandersDave Wilson
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PROJECT MANAGERLeah Alford
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
MUSICAL DIRECTOREddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
TECHNICAL SUPPORTJeff BarronDave DubielMichael Ivey
ASSISTANT EDITORJeff Sparks
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerMargo de la CruzMichael Tew
TheOriginal Way OutsareREALLY GOODSupportthe genius ofSonny Sharrock

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


CHiPs

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:CHiPs
Original Air Date:May 12, 1994
Guest Stars:Bill Carter, Joe Franklin
Synopsis:Space Ghost welcomes two talk-show experts, Bill Carter and Joe Franklin. Carter, author of "The Late Shift," explains why Space Ghost was excluded from the book. Franklin, the world's first TV talk show host, gives him a few pointers. Moltar introduces his fascination with the television series "CHiPs," a theme that will resurface again and again.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Opening rolls with "CHiPs" theme music in background)
Moltar: (watching opening on control room monitor; laughs, throws lever. Space Ghost invisos in on set)
Space Ghost: Hi, I am Space Ghost. Welcome to the show. (waves) (subtitle: SPACE GHOST PONCHERELLO)
Zorak: (playing keyboard) (subtitle: ZORAK PONCHERELLO)
Moltar: (mumbling) yeah, Space Ghost... (throws lever, monitor switches to "CHiPs") Cool... "CHiPs".
Space Ghost: Joining me tonight... author Bill Carter, originator of the talk show, Joe Franklin, AND, talk show legend, Johnny Carson! Please say hello to the band, Zorak and the... (looks over at Zorak, who is hanging from the studio ceiling, upside down...) Zorak!
Zorak: What!
Space Ghost: Get down from there!
Zorak: From where?
Space Ghost: From the ceiling!
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: (talking between clenched teeth) Zorak, you get down from that ceiling and play me to the desk!
Zorak: No. (Space Ghost aims his powerband to shoot)
Zorak: Ahh, this isn't fun anymore... (comes back down, Way Outs start to play)
Space Ghost: Baby. (aside) Why couldn't I be scraping him off my windshield? (aloud) Alrighty! My first guest chronicled the first, no, pfft - Alrighty! My first guest chronicled the first known battle for the night, please welcome Bill Carter!
(Way Outs play, monitor lowers with Bill Carter)
Bill Carter: Okay, let's go.
Space Ghost: Welcome Citizen Bill, how are you?
Bill Carter: Oh, very good, how are you?
Space Ghost: Uh huh!
Bill Carter: (pause) Right.
Space Ghost: And the name of your book is...
Bill Carter: "The Late Shift."
Space Ghost: Give us the name in its entirety!
Bill Carter: (laughs) "The Late Shift, Letterman, Leno and the Network Battle for the Night". See, I've got it memorized.
Space Ghost: I see. Bill, I'm part of the late night talk show war, why wasn't I included in your book?
Bill Carter: (his head changed to Gilligan, then morphs back to Bill) You hadn't gotten your show yet.
Space Ghost: (sings a ditty)
Bill Carter: But, you know, maybe when we get to the paperback you'll be a hit.
Zorak: (evil laugh) Good one, Bill! (laughs)
Bill Carter: That, that was a good one! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Bill, in your book you reference eleven... (waits until Bill and Zorak stop laughing) I said, you reference eleven-thirty. What type of weapon is that, and why is it so desirable?
Bill Carter: It's, uh, it's a very, uh, profit-making weapon, it makes a lot of money for anyone who owns it.
Space Ghost: I see. (long pause) You know, I don't remember Letterman or Leno as super-heroes, but I do remember Conan!
Bill Carter: Yeah, he was a, he was a very powerful super hero himself...
Space Ghost: He had wit and muscle.
Bill Carter: ... unfortunately that hasn't translated quite as well to television.
Space Ghost: His chest size does look diminished.
Bill Carter: Mmm hm.
Space Ghost: You know, Bill, I could lift the Empire State Building if I wanted!
Bill Carter: That is a feat, now if you put that on television you're gonna get ratings.
Space Ghost: I wish I had a dollar for every time people have told me that. When do you wish for a dollar?
Bill Carter: I wish I had a dollar for every time I've been asked 'why is late night important?'
Space Ghost: So, if you've been asked that say twelve times, then you'd have uh...
Bill Carter: I don't know...
Space Ghost: Let's see....that's one dollar at twelve times... about NINETY THREE DOLLARS!
Bill Carter: Yeah...
Space Ghost: That's a lotta dough.
Bill Carter: Yeah, that gives you a lot of power.
Space Ghost: Speaking of power, Johnny Carson's here tonight... (quietly) You don't think he wants my show, do you?
Bill Carter: He, uh, I think he's enjoying his retirement.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, yeah, me too. Say Bill, how do you like my show so far?
Bill Carter: Uh, I think probably Jay gives a better monologue.
Space Ghost: What's a monologue?
Bill Carter: It's uh...
Zorak: (cutting in) It's uh, the part of the show where the host sets you free...
Space Ghost: Are you sure, Zorak?
Zorak: (wearing a black wig) What I lie to you, sugar?
Space Ghost: Of course you would. Hey Bill, look at Zorak. Have you ever seen evil so personified as you do in his skeletal shell?
Bill Carter: That's his strength.
Space Ghost: I could break his stick-body in half if I wanted to. (aside, to camera) And I want to...
Bill Carter: ... it looks, looks sort of bony.
Space Ghost: Locusts have hollow bones.
Bill Carter: Well, there was a point in time when there was some question about him being on television because an executive said his face scared small children...
Space Ghost: No kidding. Before you go Bill, do you have any words of wisdom to tell us?
Bill Carter: I'm not a small child.
Space Ghost: There you have it! He's not a small child. Thanks for being with us, Bill!
Bill Carter: Thanks, I hope that was what you wanted...
Space Ghost: My next guest is recently retired from...
Zorak: (wearing a red wig) Space Ghost, Bill is still here.
Space Ghost: Zorak! What's that thing on your head!?
Zorak: It's my wig!
Space Ghost: Well, take it off!
Bill Carter: Where's the funny part come in?
Space Ghost: Need a coin for the bus Bill?
Bill Carter: I'm gonna be taking a subway. (laughs)
(Moltar is watching "CHiPs" in control room on monitor, while following is written across screen:)
GALAXY 5 125 W:TRANSPONDER 17AUDIO 6:2/68FULLY 12:45:34SYNC AMPLITUDE15 IPSECRYPTED 294
(A hearse barrels down the road, turns a sharp corner and the casket falls out the back onto the road, and a woman screams)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: My next guest has recently retired from the Late Night Battle... please welcome Joe Franklin!
(Way Outs play, Joe Franklin appears on the monitor)
Joe Franklin: Is this the rehearsal, or we taping?
Space Ghost: Citizen Joe, we're thrilled to have you on!
Joe Franklin: Pleasure!
Space Ghost: Planet.
Joe Franklin: Gooey.
Space Ghost: Deer Tick.
Joe Franklin: Who knows.
Space Ghost: Tell us what's in your pocket.
Joe Franklin: I've got my, uh, oxygen pen...
Space Ghost: Yeah, whatever. So when were you born?
Joe Franklin: I was born at a very early age.
Space Ghost: You've written millions of books and you were television's first talk show host. How did it all begin?
Joe Franklin: When I was born, something horrible happened; I lived.
Space Ghost: Awwww!
Joe Franklin: And then what I did was decide to become a talk show host. I was 17, I figured I would try it for about 6 months, and, uh, that was 43 and a half years ago.
Space Ghost: Forty-three years in the business, you must have talked to a lot of people.
Joe Franklin: Well, for the sake of accuracy, over three hundred thousand.
Space Ghost: What advice can you give me?
Joe Franklin: The, uh, main function is to get the plug out of the way first.
Space Ghost: You wanna plug something, don't you Joe?
Joe Franklin: (nodding) Yeah, I think so.
Space Ghost: Go ahead.
Joe Franklin: I'm uh, doing a lot of radio, I'm on WOR all night, I'm doing the "Memory Lane" show, I'm on a very popular news station called WBBR...
Space Ghost: We have to do a commercial, Joe. (Way Outs start to play)
Joe Franklin: ... Bloomberg radio I do nostalgic news all day along and...
Space Ghost: We have to do a commercial, Joe!
Joe Franklin: ... I'm their movie critic and drama critic, and uh, I've got a publicly...
Zorak: We will be right back.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Moltar: We now return to, hmmm, whatever.
Joe Franklin: (still plugging) my new book's now in its third printing, because the first two printings were booked, and I am doing... (keeps talking in background)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! Hey Zorak, is that a new wig?
Zorak: (wearing a gold wig) What wig?
Space Ghost: That wig!
Moltar: (watching a "CHiPs" van crash)
BEEP! BEEP!
Ken: (on screen) It's, it's Ken, the satellite guy. I've got Johnny Carson standing by on Star Feed... fourteen.
Moltar: (annoyed by interruption) Thanks. (switches back to "CHiPs"; a man is in an overturned van, surrounded by snakes, screaming "Help me, get me out please!")
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Tell us, Joe...
Zorak: Did you have a band?
Joe Franklin: Well, I had a band once, it was a band of two people, a drummer...
Zorak: (to Space Ghost) Baby.
Joe Franklin: ... and a pianist. And the trouble was that the pianist kept running into the control room to always hear how the band sounded.
Zorak: Indeed.
Joe Franklin: You know, Barbra Streisand was my singer.
Zorak: Oh, that sound like fun.
Space Ghost: Joe, who was your favorite guest ever?
Joe Franklin: I would say Bing Crosby.
Space Ghost: Wasn't he an android?
Joe Franklin: I always thought of Bing being, you know, what you would say, mechanically reproduced. I always thought of Bing Crosby...
Space Ghost: Joe, you're Mr. Talk Show, you started all of this... cough up some tips.
Joe Franklin: Number one, main ingredient as I've said before is sincerity...
Space Ghost: Mmmm hmmm.
Joe Franklin: ... and once you learn to fake that... then you've got it made.
Space Ghost: (dripping with fake sincerity) Thank you Joe, for what is without a doubt our best interview yet.
Joe Franklin: Boy, you're a great host, you're a great interviewer, you really are a fantastic...
Space Ghost: Look Joe, we have to run... any final thoughts?
Joe Franklin: It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice.
Space Ghost: No, I mean something that we can use.
Joe Franklin: On that promissory note... (laughs)
Space Ghost: Joe Franklin, he's a, uh, what are you, Joe?
Joe Franklin: TV Legend.
Space Ghost: TV Legend. Speaking of legends, it's my great honor to say, Heeeeeere's Johnny! (drum roll; a multitude of things flash by on the studio monitor, including a placard reading "The Wild Wild Planet")
Moltar: (watching another "ChiPs" scene, a woman running down a road, screaming for help) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon! Get to the wreck!
Space Ghost: (clears throat; title screen from "Man from U.N.C.L.E" flashes by on the studio monitor) Heeeeeere's Johnny!
Moltar: C'mon wreck! Wreck! WRECK!
Space Ghost: I said, HEEEEEEEEERE'S JOHNNY! (a shot of someone in bunny slippers and several people in white helmets flash by on studio monitor)
Moltar: Where's the feed? (switches to Banana Splits sock puppet - "Bow, bow bow, bow bow bow bow bow bow!") No! (Switching more - The Dilly Girls sing, The sock puppet sings, Rosebud, Gone with the Wind, 2001, Forbidden Planet, no Johnny.) Where's the feed? Where's the feed?!
Space Ghost: Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeere's Johnny!
Moltar: (switching furiously) Johnny? Johnny? (Last switch, Randy floats in space, Moltar is frustrated) Whatever. (sends Randy through to Space Ghost)
(Randy is on the monitor. Only the ambiance of Deep Space and Randy wiggling his deadly pincers.)
Space Ghost: (staring at screen) Greetings Johnny! Boy, it's a gr... You have pincers!
Randy: Yes.
Space Ghost: So, how's Ed and Doc?
Randy: Fine, fine, fine...
Space Ghost: (doubtfully) Noooo kidding. (looks at Randy) You're not Johnny Carson, are you?
Randy: Yes.
Space Ghost: Really?
Randy: Uh, no.
Space Ghost: Okay.
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee!

EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
DESIGN & PRODUCTION COMPANYDESIGNefx
CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea Mansour
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeySusan DetrieFrederike GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan Newsome
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
AUDIOGreg CrawfordRob SandersDave Wilson
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PROJECT MANAGERLeah Alford
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
MUSICAL DIRECTOREddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
INTERVIEWERJustin Ashforth
TECHNICAL SUPPORTJeff BarronDave DubielMichael Ivey
ASSISTANT EDITORMichael Pitts
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerMargo de la CruzMichael Tew
TheOriginal Way OutsareREALLY GOODSupportthe genius ofSonny Sharrock

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Bobcat

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Bobcat
Original Air Date:May 26, 1994
Guest Stars:Bobcat Goldthwait, The Ramones
Synopsis:During an otherwise friendly interview with comedian Bobcat Goldthwait, Zorak reveals Space Ghost's secret identity: Tad Ghostal. Goldthwait agrees to party with Space Ghost after the show. The festivities are spoiled, however, by Zorak and his punk friends, The Ramones.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Dramatic orchestra hit)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yes! Hello, if you are watching us on other planets, I want you to know that... on Earth, I am the leader, I rule! everyone on Earth must follow me! Ha ha ha ha! (aside) Don't tell them the truth, okay, Space Ghost?
(Opening theme music & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost, welcome to the show. Joining me tonight, comedian Bobcat Goldthwait, and rock and roll citizens The Ramones.
Zorak: (jamming) Hey ho, let's go! Hey ho, let's go!
Space Ghost: Zorak is all geeked up about the Ramones being here. (Zorak keeps jamming) That's good, Zorak. (keeps jamming) That's enough Zorak. (keeps jamming) Zorak! (jamming winds down & stops) My first guest (one more note interrupts Space Ghost) ... (taps cards) My first guest is a comedian. He is Bobcat Goldthwait, welcome him! (intro music plays & screen lowers; Zorak's face is on the screen instead of Bobcat)
Zorak: (imitating Bobcat) Uh, hi, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Aaah!
Zorak: (back to normal voice) Your show is lame.
Space Ghost: Are you done, Zorak?
Zorak: I'm Bobcat, interview me.
Space Ghost: You're not fooling anyone, Zorak, we know it's you.
Zorak: Is this how you treat your guests?
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Zorak: Wait!
(Moltar watches Zorak on monitor with the following caption, in mirror image writing:)
Inseca GeniiHelicoptera 2:3.9Phyl Disgustis 7Locusta Icky 3.5Creepy Cra{?}WeedhoppsSlimi Green {?}Surplus {?}LOCUST LINK
Moltar: Sorry, man, boss's orders. (throws lever)
Zorak: No! (zaps off screen; new image is infinite regression of Space Ghost's set)
Space Ghost: Hey, it's me, watching me, watching me, watching me!
Moltar: Simpleton!
Space Ghost: Are you lookin' at me? You must be lookin' at me. There's no one else here... (shoots at screen twice with power bands) (laughs) Alrighty!
Moltar: Gawd, loser! (throws switch again, Bobcat appears)
Space Ghost: Hello, Bobcat, welcome to the show.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Hi, Space Ghost, how are you today?
Space Ghost: I'm energized, just like a jittering woodchuck. You know, when they cling to the side of a tree, and their jaws move up and down and up and down over and over really fast gaining speed until its just a blur of vibrating gums and lips (mouth becomes a blur) ... Energized! (more subdued) And, how are you, Bobcat?
Bobcat Goldthwait: I'm livin' a dream, thanks a lot for having me back on the show.
Space Ghost: We're certainly glad to have you back on the show.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Although I've never been on the show before, you ...
Space Ghost: Of course you haven't.
Bobcat Goldthwait: You look pretty good.
Space Ghost: That's because I've been lifting heavy objects.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Really? Yeah, well, it shows, you look pretty cut, you look pretty buff.
Space Ghost: Well, aren't you sweet? I like you, Bobcat.
Bobcat Goldthwait: I like you, Space Ghost. I got a question; what's, what's your real name?
Space Ghost: (pause) Uhmmm...
Zorak: Tad Ghostal.
Space Ghost: (glares at Zorak)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Tad Ghostal? Really? Stick with Space Ghost, much cooler.
Space Ghost: (face gets red) Er, I agree.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Wouldn't really work on the babes too much in a bar...
Space Ghost: I, I agree...
Bobcat Goldthwait: "Hi, I'm Tad"?
Space Ghost: I realize that! (pause) Zorak's real name is Katy Did.
Zorak: (looking surprised) What?
Bobcat Goldthwait: (laughs) Hi Zorak, how ya doin', pleasure to be on the show.
Zorak: Oh no, the pleasure is all mine! (Pathetic Earthling! Your feeble words do not amuse me!)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Zorak? Do you eat your young?
Zorak: (looks surprised) Uh, um...
Space Ghost: Zorak eats anything, young, old, and then some! (Bobcat makes "Zorak" faces while Space Ghost talks) Say, Bobcat is a good name! Tell us, what's your secret identity?
Bobcat Goldthwait: My secret identity? Like, if you saw me in real life?
Space Ghost: Uh...
Zorak: Yeah, like if he saw you in real life.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Uhhhhh... I.. Joey Lawrence.
Space Ghost: Get out! I've got your album!
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah, girl, you know it's true.
Space Ghost: I hear Blossom hates you.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Tad!
Space Ghost: Well?
Bobcat Goldthwait: See, it's an issue right now, and I feel strongly about it.
Space Ghost: You don't look very strong.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Well, I may look small, but I'm pretty wiry.
Space Ghost: Sorry.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Space Ghost, I've got a question for you, and this isn't, I'm not trying to be weird or anything, but... do you think I'm pretty?
Space Ghost: (looks back blankly)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Just like another guy to a guy?
Space Ghost: (pause) Ummm... Yes! I think you're a pretty man.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Thank you. I think you're kind of handsome too, Space Ghost. Although the locust, hmmm, I dunno.
Zorak: (glares at him, "Psycho" music plays)
Space Ghost: Hmmmm, I see what you mean... But on a serious note, Bobcat, how would you stop crime in America?
Bobcat Goldthwait: I think you wanna stop crime in America, you say a very special episode of "Blossom" where the entire cast gets ball-peen hammers in the knee caps...
Space Ghost: Ooooh...
Bobcat Goldthwait: I promise you there'll be a half-hour of non-violent America. Because everybody'd be glued to the set. "Hey, they hit Joey Lawrence in the knee cap yet?"
Space Ghost: You think that could work?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Well, no, not really, perhaps I, I need to loosen my pants.
Space Ghost: Go ahead!
Bobcat Goldthwait: (looses pants, sound of pressure escaping) Oooo! Man, I feel better already! Wooo!
Space Ghost: You should try spandex!
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah, you know, I'm actually one of the only superheroes that wears leisure suits.
Space Ghost: Speaking of heroes, who are yours?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Wow! Um, geez, I dunno, I like all the greats, you know, Curly. I think that's what my coif actually looks like, what if Rutger Hauer and Curly Howard pounded out a baby... "Hey, Moe, I'm a replicant! Ne ne ne ne ne!" (makes Stooge hand & face gesture)
Space Ghost: (laughs) (Replicants were the evil creation of Dr. Zin) (aloud) Ahem, let's see, where am I? (mumbles) Oh! Who is your arch enemy?
Bobcat Goldthwait: John Tesh.
Space Ghost: The composer?
Bobcat Goldthwait: The whole man. John Tesh scares me.
Space Ghost: Say, do you need any weapons?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah, what size power band are you?
Space Ghost: Colossal! Why?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Because I have a, I'm usually like a, a small power band, believe it or not, but I've been retaining a lot of fluids lately, so, probably like a medium power band.
Space Ghost: How about a nice pleated skirt?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Boy, Space Ghost, you're really switching gears!
Space Ghost: Hey, it's a 15 minute show! And, we have to take a break.
Bobcat Goldthwait: What's the locust's name again, I'm sorry?
Space Ghost: Zorak.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Oh, yeah.
Space Ghost: Zorak. I like saying "Zorak".
Bobcat Goldthwait: Zorak, play me something public domain.
Zorak: (plays something from their vast easy listening library)
Space Ghost: We'll be right back after this.
Zorak: It appears we will be right back.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: Uh, because no one can stop it, the show is back.
(Theme music plays in background)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Barney's going to make more kids snap than Bugs Bunny.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Bobcat Goldthwait: A kid knows Bugs Bunny's joking around, kids think Barney's for real!
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Bobcat Goldthwait: "I love you", you don't love us, Barney, you don't even know us!
Space Ghost: Okay! We're back with Bobcat Goldthwait! I understand that you have special powers.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yes. I'm able to, uh, bend forks.
Space Ghost: Wow!
Bobcat Goldthwait: But only at Denny's. Any other kind of forks I don't seem to be able to bend.
Space Ghost: Wow, now, is this physically or mentally?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Um, I do it with my mind... but you gotta look away, really, for a little while.
Space Ghost: When I said you were pretty, I meant you remind me of Judy Collins.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Judy Collins? (laughs) Wow, Space Ghost, man, crack a window, will ya?
Space Ghost: I'd be violently sucked into space.
Moltar: Heh, then maybe people would tune in.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Well, I think Moltar's giving us the signal to wrap it up, huh, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: No, Bobcat, that's just his way of telling us to finish the interview. Join us for dinner after the show?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Thanks, I'd love to join you for dinner, but I don't know about eating with no gigantic locust. Don't they spit on their food first and then mulch it up and spit it back out?
Zorak: That's regurgitational ingestion, flies do it, not locusts.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah, well that, but you know, that's exactly how I eat, so, perhaps I will dine with you.
Space Ghost: Alrighty! We'll meet you in the chamber after the show. Any parting words?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Space Ghost, I want to party with you.
Space Ghost: You mean with a party cake and lemonade and paper hats?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Perhaps, perhaps.
Space Ghost: Alrighty then! My next guests are Zorak's favorite band. Please welcome the Ramones!
Bobcat Goldthwait: Thanks, man.
(Ramones appear on screen)
Zorak: Hey, Joey.
Joey Ramone: (waves)
Space Ghost: Okay then. Identify yourselves, Ramones.
Johnny Ramone: Hi, I'm Johnny Ramone.
Marky Ramone: And I'm Marky Ramone.
Joey Ramone: And I'm Joey.
C. J. Ramone: And I'm C.J.
Zorak: And I'm Zorak Ramone.
Moltar: And I'm Moltar Ramone.
Space Ghost: (to camera) They're not really Ramones. (to Ramones) Say, fellas, tell us about your new record.
Johnny Ramone: "Acid Eaters", that's our latest album, it's a cover album of, uh, songs that were recorded in, um, generally around the 1967-68 period of time.
Space Ghost: And it's just now coming out?
Ramones: (all laugh)
Space Ghost: Say, guys, on your third album, "Rocket Fuel", (starts gibbering) whoops, too many Cokes.
Ramones: (all laugh)
Space Ghost: Ah ha haa! Hey! Tell me about your music.
C. J. Ramone: It's snappy.
Johnny Ramone: It's always meant for rebellious kids.
Space Ghost: Rebellious?
Johnny Ramone: Uhhh, we're a bunch of punks.
Space Ghost: Hmmm... Well, you just listen to me, you punks, I don't want any trouble from you. This is a good show. This is a clean show. This is a good clean show.
C. J. Ramone: You ever get a wedgie in tights? It's not pleasant. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Uhhh...
Bobcat Goldthwait: (on control room monitor, with Locust text from before, to Moltar) This is going as well as the Letterman-Madonna interview.
Moltar: Yup.
Space Ghost: Allll right then, you punks, you're musicians, make something up for me.
Marky Ramone: Well, how about: "way, we-we-way, wah wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah, way way way way way way-we-way."
Space Ghost: "Way way way"; that's catchy!
Joey Ramone: It was subliminal.
Marky Ramone: That was, that was the instrumental part.
Space Ghost: Ah!. Uh, do the word part.
Marky Ramone: How about: "Space Ghost, Space Ghost, you're the most, from coast to coast..."
Space Ghost: Listen, we have to go. Bobcat invited me to a party, with a party cake and lemonade and paper hats, and you can't come because you're punks and punks don't go to parties. Hey, you guys got a cake!
Marky Ramone: It's a nice chocolate vanilla.
Johnny Ramone: There's plates right there...
Space Ghost: Hey! Where'd you guys get that cake?
(All Ramones are "wearing" paper hats)
Marky Ramone: You want a piece of this?
C. J. Ramone: Yeah.
Space Ghost: That's my party cake! Where did you guys get my party cake? Who gave them my party cake? I want my party cake! That was specifically definitely for Bobcat and me! Zorak! Did you give them my party cake?
Zorak: (with paper hat on & crumbs falling out of mouth) Uh, what party cake?
Moltar: (with paper hat & cake) Mmmm, chocolate party cake.
(Credits roll. Ghost Planet in credits is wearing a party hat)
Marky Ramone: "Way, we-we-way, wah wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah, way way way way way way-we-way. (skip) we-way. (skip) we-way (skip) we-way." (fade out)

EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki Jones
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroAndy MerrillKhaki JonesKeith Crofford
(inverted) EDITORS(inverted) Michael Cahill(inverted) Tom Roche
DESIGN & PRODUCTION COMPANYDESIGNefx
CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea Mansour
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeySusan DetrieFrederike GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan Newsome
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
MUSICAL DIRECTOREddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
AUDIOGreg CrawfordRob SandersDave Wilson
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PROJECT MANAGERLeah Alford
PRODUCTION ASSTTanya Bergan
TECHNICAL SUPPORTJeff BarronDave DubielMichael Ivey
ASSISTANT EDITORSMichael PittsMark Davis
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerMargo de la CruzMichael TewSarah EdmanButterbean
TheOriginal Way OutsareREALLY GOODSupportthe genius ofSonny Sharrock

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Banjo

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Banjo
Original Air Date:September 9, 1994
Guest Stars:Schooly D, "Weird Al" Yankovic
Synopsis:Space Ghost is nurturing a special pet--Banjo the sea monkey. Zorak sabotages the interview with Schooly D by hypnotically controlling Space Ghost's mind. "Weird Al" Yankovic reveals that he can eat his weight in Ding Dongs, but his interview is cut short by Banjo, now a colossal brine shrimp intent on destroying the set.
Trivia:Zorak's incantation ("Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona") is actually spoken by an alien in the 1960's TV series "The Outer Limits", in the episode "The Zanti Misfits." (Excerpt)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Zorak crosses the set in the dark)
Moltar: Halt! (alarms go off, spotlight shines on Zorak)
Zorak: Aah!
Moltar: Who goes there?
Zorak: I, Zorak!
Moltar: (turns off alarm) Sorry, man. Sorry.
(Note: subtitles which correspond to the spoken lines are shown in brackets)
Zorak: Moltar, look, I am green with evil. [Moltar, I love you.]
Moltar: (watching "Banana Splits" on monitor) Huh? [I love you too, Zorak.]
Zorak: I said, did your mail order come in yet? [We should get married.]
Moltar: Yeah. [Papa would never allow it.]
Zorak: What'd you get? [But we're in love... why not?]
Moltar: Soap. [You know why.]
Zorak: Hmm. What kind? [It's because I'm an insect, isn't it?]
Moltar: (holding up bar) Lava. [Papa says...]It's got pumice. [... insects are bad folk.]
Zorak: Yeah. [I don't play fiddle.]
Moltar: That your new book? [I know, Honey, that's why I love you so.]
Zorak: What? [What?]
Moltar: Is that your new book? [I said, I love you so.]
Zorak: Shut up, I'm reading my new book. [- Woe is me, for we cannot marry.]
Moltar: Sorry. [- I am ashamed.]
Zorak: Huh? [- Do not be.]
Moltar: I said, you can't read. [Let us elope in the night.]
Zorak: Yeah, yeah. [Yes!!]Where's the Ghost? [You would do that for me?]
Moltar: In the back, with his new Sea Monkey Kit. [No! Are you kidding! I will never marry the likes of mantis! You are a filthy beast! Get ye gone!]
(In a laboratory area; sign outside room reads "DO NOT ENTER / EXPERIMENT UNDERWAY". Space Ghost is in the room, reading directions)
Space Ghost: "Now you've created an adorable home for your Sea Monkeys... open the pouch labeled "Sea Monkey Pellets" (rip!) and pour into the bowl (pouring sound), in just minutes your little Sea Monkeys will flourish with life!"
Zorak: (on the control room monitor) Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah. (his eyes flash, show spirals, etc., whenever he says this)
Moltar: What is that?
Zorak: It's a spell from my new book, "The Joy of Incantations". Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah.
Moltar: What's it do?
Zorak: It gives me power over Space Ghost's mind. Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah.
Moltar: It's a small spell.
Zorak: He's got a small brain. Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee...
Space Ghost: (still in laboratory) "Soon you will be able to observe your Sea Monkeys as they make families, have dinner, purchase fine autos and perform other daily life activities all within the domain of the Sea Monkey bowl..." Wow!
Moltar: (in control room) Time to get Space Ghost. Think I'll use my NASA voice. "Ten seconds to air, return to the set... T minus 10 seconds and counting... 10... 9... 7... 6... 9..."
Space Ghost: I have to go, Sea Monkeys. Here, have one of my special super vitamins. (splash!) (fizzing sound)
(invisos in to set)
Space Ghost: Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! Joining me on this show, rap artist Schooly D and funny man "Weird Al" Yankovic! Say hi to the band, they're right over there. (points)
(Zorak's eyes spin with evil hypnosis)
Space Ghost: Zorak, what's wrong with your eyes?
Zorak: Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah.
Space Ghost: Ohhh! I see what you're doing. No no no, if you want to control my mind your eyes need to spin counter-clockwise! (he says a short incantation; Zorak's eyes immediately spin the other direction)
Zorak: Oh! (calypso music in background) Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah.
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Alrighty! My first guest is Schooly D! (Monitor lowers)
Schooly D: I kinda figured that out.
Space Ghost: Hi Schooly, how are ya?
Schooly D: What's up man? I'm alright, I'm alright. How you doin?
Space Ghost: Fine fine fine. Say, where'd you get the ball cap, son?
Schooly D: Uh, I got it from the planet Zurf.
Space Ghost: You don't say! Citizen Schooly,
Zorak: Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona...
Space Ghost: (reads with difficulty) Original-Gangster-in-the-house...
Zorak: ... ah-ah.
Space Ghost: (makes gibbering sounds, eyes glow, as he falls under Zorak's power)
Zorak: Say something stupid.
Space Ghost: You wanna watch me swallow a live mollusk?
Schooly D: No.
Space Ghost: I mean, tell me about your slacks.
Schooly D: (laughs) These are baggy jeans, you buy them three sizes bigger so they can hang off your butt.
Space Ghost: Yeah, I saw a yard gnome once, it didn't scare me.
Schooly D: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Schooly... Schooly...
Schooly D: Yeah, man?
Space Ghost: Are you interested in frolicking in a leafy glade?
Schooly D: Well, you know, even if I was, I couldn't...
Space Ghost: (bursts out laughing for no reason) My mantis is dashing in a tux! Will you please pass me one of those wall decorations? My, they look lovely. (makes gibbering sounds again)
Schooly D: (laughs)
Zorak: Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona... no!!!
(Space Ghost blasts Zorak with his power bands)
Space Ghost: (sniff sniff) Smells like chicken in here.
Zorak: Eh... eww...
Space Ghost: Do you have any super powers?
Schooly D: Yeah, of course I got super powers because I'm Schooly D.
Space Ghost: Display them!
Schooly D: I can't do that.
Space Ghost: Why not?
Schooly D: I'm just not allowed to do it.
Space Ghost: So you mean you don't have any.
Schooly D: Yeah.
Space Ghost: So the D stands for "Defenseless."
Schooly D: Nah.
Space Ghost: So what does the D stand for, Mr. Rapper?
Schooly D: It might mean Dynamite.
Space Ghost: Or it might mean something pretty, like Dandelion.
Schooly D: The D stands for, somethin' different every day.
Space Ghost: D is for Different, and Delightful (I'm sure getting some sissy copy, aren't I?) Sing something delightful, you know, with flowers and stuff.
Schooly D: Every time I sing something about flowers I lose some of my powers.
Space Ghost: You don't have any powers, you need me in your posy.
Zorak: Posse!
Space Ghost: Like I said, posse!
Schooly D: Uh, I can't do that.
Space Ghost: Well then, give me a rap name.
Schooly D: DJ Space G.
Space Ghost: Fly!
Schooly D: (buzzing sound) Yeah well, you know...
Space Ghost: (SMACK!) (squashes the fly on his desk) Dead fly.
Schooly D: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (My sea monkeys!) Uh, just a minute, Schooly. (flies off to laboratory)
Schooly D: Alright. It's cool.
Space Ghost: (in laboratory) Sea monkeys? Sea monkeys? Wait! there's one, yes! It's moving! (newborn baby sounds) Hello little one. I shall name you Banjo. You are mighty small, little Banjo, and your flippers are tired, but one day you will become (reverb effect) Banjo: King of the Sea Monkeys!
Moltar: (in control room) Schooly.
Schooly D: Yeah.
Moltar: Space Ghost is tending his brine shrimp, can you wait?
Schooly D: No. That don't get it. I'm sorry, no.
Moltar: Well, can we break your legs?
Zorak: Break 'em! Break 'em!
Schooly D: (laughs) This is crazy.
Moltar: It'll only hurt once.
Space Ghost: (flies back to desk) Oh-kay! Schooly, you're the man.
Schooly D: Nah, you da man.
Space Ghost: No, you're the man.
Schooly D: You da man.
Space Ghost: No, you're the man.
Schooly D: You da man.
Space Ghost: You are the man.
Zorak: I am the man.
Space Ghost: No, you're the mantis! Schooly's the man!
Schooly D: You are the man. You're Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: You're the man Schooly, live with it.
Schooly D: Okay.
Space Ghost: We're out of time, leave us with words to live by.
Schooly D: (violin music in background) No matter how hard it seems, uh, you gotta keep going and you gotta keep trying, because as soon as you give up, the game is over with. (music ends)
Space Ghost: (stares)
Zorak: (stares)
Moltar: (stares)
Schooly D: What are y'all lookin at?
Moltar: Your hat.
Schooly D: You're lookin at me like I was crazy.
Zorak: Your hat's on backwards.
Space Ghost: Sure is.
Zorak: We shall return... with a vengeance!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: Ready or not, here we come!
Space Ghost: (in laboratory) Okay... I'm all alone... Banjo? Oh, Banjo! My, how you've grown! (singing "Flipper") I'm Banjo! Banjo! Faster than light-ning! (crunch!) Ow! You could have taken my hand off! Bad Banjo! I'm not cleaning that up!
(invisos back to desk)
Space Ghost: My next guest is "Weird Al" Yankovic, here he comes now!
Weird Al Yankovic: Hi, people of the universe! Hi! Look at me, I'm on TV! Whoooooooo! Whoooooooo! (laughs)
Space Ghost: (imitates) Whoooooooo! Whooooooooo!
Weird Al Yankovic: Ahh! Ahhhaa!
Space Ghost: Whoooooooo! Welcome to the show, Weird Al. Whoooooooo!
Weird Al Yankovic: Thank you! I, I, uh, I can't tell you what a intense thrill it is to be on your show, I...
Space Ghost: Sure you could!
Weird Al Yankovic: Well, I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
Zorak: Tell him now! Tell him!
Weird Al Yankovic: Hey Zorak, you...
Zorak: Shut up!
Space Ghost: Oooooh.
Weird Al Yankovic: (frustrated) I don't know how!
Space Ghost: Hey Al, tell us about your new record.
Weird Al Yankovic: Oh please, Space Ghost, um, I, I came on your show because I'm a, I'm a big fan, not to plug my latest album...
Space Ghost: Wrong! Next question! Super powers, got any?
Weird Al Yankovic: Well, um, I can eat my own weight in Ding Dongs. I can turn red traffic lights green just by staring at them, and I can do an oil painting with my butt.
Space Ghost: That's enough to get you on this show.
Weird Al Yankovic: Yeah, times are a little hard, I guess.
Space Ghost: So, what'd you think of Schooly?
Weird Al Yankovic: He's, he's a party animal, he's, he's, he's a nut, he's completely out of control, he's, he's a party in a can, he's a wacky, zany, nutty funster.
Space Ghost: Zorak's wacky. Ain't he?
Weird Al Yankovic: Sure, um. Hey, Zorak, you evil locust!
Zorak: Mantis!
Weird Al Yankovic: My powers are beyond your comprehension.
Zorak: (eyes spinning) Do a B flat.
Weird Al Yankovic: Baaaaaaaaa! (does a really high B flat).
Space Ghost: (joins in, slightly off key, trying several times) Baaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaa!
Zorak: Now, contort your body.
Weird Al Yankovic: Okay. (contorts his body.)
Space Ghost: Baaaaaaaa.. what does that feel like?
Weird Al Yankovic: Well, it's kinda painful and it kinda feels good at the same time.
Space Ghost: You mean like when your enemy is shaving your back and...
Moltar: (shivering) Oh-h-h-h-h-h!
Weird Al Yankovic: (still contorted) Can you help me here, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What?
Weird Al Yankovic: Can you help me?
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah, yeah. (says "spell" again; Al un-contorts) You know, that reminds me of a story... a story about a little pellet who, with a little grit and a lot of sheer will, became a Sea Monkey...
Weird Al Yankovic: Also he shot a man in Reno just to watch him die.
Space Ghost: (laughs) And you know, Al, that little Sea Monkey is named Banjo.
Zorak: Here, Banjo! (Banjo appears on the set, he is monstrous)
Space Ghost: Banjo!
Zorak: Here, shrimp.
Space Ghost: Aren't you plucky! Finding your way to the set...
(Banjo shoots a ray out of his mouth at Zorak)
Zorak: Uh oh. (gets blasted)
Space Ghost: Jumpin' jujubes!
Moltar: Man, that's a big shrimp!
Weird Al Yankovic: Gotta go now! (waves, ducks out of his chair and leaves)
Space Ghost: No, Banjo! Why are you doing this? I gave you life!
Zorak: No!! (gets blasted again by Banjo)
Space Ghost: What have I unleashed! (in a low voice) That's it boy. Come get some.
(Space Ghost fires a destructo-ray and blows up Banjo. The smoke clears, Space Ghost lands on the floor; a piece of Banjo falls nearby)
Space Ghost: Why do we always hurt the ones we love? Why Banjo? Why?! Banjo! Banjo! Banjooooo!
(Black screen with the following words:)
IN MEMORY OFBanjoSeptember 23rd11:00 pm - 11:15 pm
(Credits roll)
Floor Director: Okay, that's a wrap! Break it down boys! Somebody get a hose!
Space Ghost: Don't you dare!
Moltar: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: Are you gonna eat that?
Space Ghost: (sullen) That's a sick joke, Moltar, even for you. I thought you guys were my friends. I have to get out of here. (zaps off)
Moltar: (crunch!) Mmmmmmmm! Barbecued shrimp!

GUEST STARSSchooly D"Weird Al" Yankovic
WRITERSChris FerestenMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSE editorial
ON-LINE EDITORDan Daube
AUDIO ENGINEERPaige Lillard
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTTanya Bergan
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTRan Coney
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNFred SeibertKen ChamberlainDave Farmer(inverted) Tom RocheButterbeanJeff BarronDave DubielWallyRoy Clements
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERKhaki Jones
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Punch

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Punch
Original Air Date:September 15, 1994
Guest Stars:Cindy Guyer, Jerky Boys, Dian Parkinson
Synopsis:After model Cyndi Guyer, the female Fabio, explains what she looks for in a man, the Jerky Boys arrive and promptly threaten to punch Space Ghost in the mouth. The undertow of violence subsides with the appearance of model Dian Parkinson.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Setting: St. Peter's Square in Rome, before huge crowd, with Gregorian chanting in background. Space Ghost's voice echoes)
Space Ghost: Salve, populi! (subtitles: Thanks for attending my magic show.)
Space Ghost: Ego sum! (subtitles: Please exit to the rear of the square.)
Space Ghost: E pluribus unum! (subtitles: That's it, show's over.)
Space Ghost: (coughs) (subtitles: Cough)
Zorak: Space Ghost! (subtitles: Spiritus Spatium!) (standing on statue) Space Ghost! (subtitles: Spiritus Spatium!)
Space Ghost: Jeepers, my talk show!
(Shot of empty studio on Ghost Planet)
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Space Ghost: (inside, with jazz guitar music in background) No use speeding now, just a few miles to the studio... (hums to himself)
Moltar: (in control room, looks at empty studio in monitor)
Space Ghost: (hums, sighs) Fifteen seconds or so...
Zorak: (still standing on statue in St. Peter's Square) Space Ghost? (subtitles: Spiritus Spatium?)
Moltar: (in control room) (sighs) Better never than late... (pulls lever to start opening theme)
(Opening theme music & titles, interspersed with Phantom Cruiser and jazz guitar music. Phantom Cruiser stops, Space Ghost flies out)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Salve, populi. Ego sum (Must stop speaking Latin!) Hi. I'm Space Ghost! On this show we've got a pair of people with yellow hair and a pair of people who wear masks. But first, welcome Zorak and the Original Way Outs.
(Shot of bandstand, with no Zorak or Original Way Outs)
Space Ghost: Zorak? Zorak?
Zorak: (in St. Peter's Square) (evil laugh) Ant humans, reap my wrath. When I, Zorak, rule the Earth!
Space Ghost: I left Zorak in the Square, with thousands of earthlings! Moltar! send the shuttle for Zorak!
Moltar: (in control room) We don't have a shuttle.
Space Ghost: Exactly! I'll go myself.
Moltar: Okay. (Space Ghost flies off stage)
Zorak: On the third day, a dark cloud approached from the west...
(Space Ghost's Phantom Cruiser leaves Ghost Planet)
Zorak: A cloud of swarming locusts...
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Zorak: And a mantis was thus spawned... I, Zorak!
Moltar: (in control room; bored, he pulls the lever: screen changes to volcanoes and molten lava) Mmmm...
Space Ghost: (in Phantom Cruiser with Zorak) Moltar and I were worried sick!
Zorak: Yeah. I hate this tape.
Space Ghost: It's got a beat.
Zorak: I had them in my control...
Space Ghost: Listen, that's a guitar.
Zorak: They were mine...
Space Ghost: Oh, hush.
Narrator: (on control room monitor, in Mickey Mouse voice) The hot lava burns a deadly path towards the inhabited city below, the citizens, blissfully unaware of the molten danger, sleep in their hammocks of straw, while the fiery river of death flows rampant. Hah.
Moltar: (sighs) Home.
Space Ghost: (flies into his chair) Okay! If you read romance novels--and who doesn't--the face of my first guest is not unknown to you. Please welcome Cindy Guyer.
(The screen lowers, Cindy's face appears)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Cindy!
Cindy Guyer: Hello Space Ghost, how are you today?
Space Ghost: (My kindergarten teacher used to greet me that way!)
Cindy Guyer: Thank you for having me here.
Space Ghost: Oh, oh, yeah, yeah. On book covers you're always transforming yourself into various guises. Is that your only super power?
Cindy Guyer: Well, I'm kind of like a, a witch, like a fairy tale witch in a way, I create fantasy, for people. Y'know, I become, I become everybody's dreams.
Space Ghost: Do continue.
Cindy Guyer: I become the princess, the, the saloon girl, the cave woman... you name it, I've been it.
Zorak: Farmer's daughter?
Cindy Guyer: Yeah,
Zorak: Lunch room lady?
Cindy Guyer: Yes.
Space Ghost: Clabbered milk?
Cindy Guyer: (nods her head)
Space Ghost: Bowl of cole slaw?
Cindy Guyer: Yes.
Zorak: Giant insect unicycle?
Cindy Guyer: (looking puzzled) Hmmm...
Space Ghost: She doesn't have a wheel!
Zorak: (makes gibbering sounds)
Space Ghost: Cindy, what kind of men do you like?
Cindy Guyer: I don't want them too strong and macho, I like a man that's, you know, a man, but real down to earth and he knows how to be sensitive.
Space Ghost: (romantic music swells in background) Zorak, the other night I saw the most beautiful sunset.
Zorak: What?
Cindy Guyer: He's really in touch with his feminine side. He's not afraid to be soft.
Space Ghost: Why do fresh daffodils always make me cry? (tear rolls down his cheek)
Cindy Guyer: What kind of women to you like, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Rose Marie. (romantic music stops) Hey, you're like the female Fabio!
Cindy Guyer: Yes, I've been called that, yes I have...
Space Ghost: I like to think of myself as a male GI-Joe.
Zorak: I'm a male Barbie.
Space Ghost: Zorak was just on Earth.
Zorak: And I was ruling it...
Space Ghost: You were not. Cindy Guyer, what are ya doin' now?
Cindy Guyer: Possibly negotiations, well I am, uh, with Universal to, uh, do my own little series, called "Sea Witch".
Space Ghost: See what?
Zorak: Sea Witch!
Space Ghost: See what witch?
Zorak: Sea Witch, see?
Space Ghost: See which sea?
Zorak: Sea Witch, Sea Witch!
Space Ghost: What witch where?
Cindy Guyer: Sea witch.
Space Ghost: See... Oh! Like your little series!
Cindy Guyer: And all my books would come to life, every week. It'd be just, you know, great.
Space Ghost: I know, great. And, you've got a movie coming up.
Cindy Guyer: Um, I have a movie coming out called "Mortal Obsession", it's...
Space Ghost: ...with Lorenzo Lamas! I've seen that one!
Zorak: No, Lamas was in "Final Possessions".
Space Ghost: I thought Bruce Boxleitner was in "Final Possessions", or was that "Lethal Passions"?
Zorak: "Lethal Confessions", Swayze's brother.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, with Justin Bateman... I liked that one.
Zorak: Me too.
Space Ghost: Cindy...
Mystery Voice: Are ya sure?
Space Ghost: (long pause) Any parting wishes for the galaxy?
Cindy Guyer: (shakes head) No, that's it.
Space Ghost: Bye then. (to camera) We'll be right back after our sponsor shoves some more stuff in front of you.
Zorak: We shall return... with a vengeance!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: Ready or not, here we come!
Space Ghost: (laughing) Sorry. (to Moltar) Why didn't you tell me?
Moltar: (in control room) Sorry.
Space Ghost: Okay! We're ba...
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (tapping cards) Moltar, what are you doing?
Moltar: Starting over.
Space Ghost: Just leave it on, okay pal?
Moltar: Okay.
Space Ghost: My next guests use the phone all the time. Welcome The Jerky Boys!
(Screen lowers with Jerky Boys on it)
Jerky Boy 1: Could we shake his hand?
Space Ghost: Greetings, Jerky Boys!
Jerky Boy 2: Hey, how are ya?
Jerky Boy 1: How are you doing?
Space Ghost: Those masks are frightening.
Jerky Boy 2: Well, not more frightening than our face.
Space Ghost: Are your faces wrinkly like smoked meat?
Jerky Boy 1: Why don't you mind your questions?
Space Ghost: Why don't you answer my questions?
Jerky Boy 2: Well, now, you see, now we're off to a bad start, there.
Space Ghost: Tell us all about your troubled childhood.
Jerky Boy 1: What, uh, what kind of thing is that to ask adults?
Space Ghost: Are you in trouble with the law?
Jerky Boy 1: This guy needs a good punch in the mouth, if you ask me.
Space Ghost: Punch, Now that's a silly word. "Punch." You know, if you say that enough times it loses all its meaning. Punch... punch... punch...
Zorak: Punch?
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
(They continue saying "punch" in background)
Jerky Boy 2: Boy, this, you know, this guy's bein' real flaky
Jerky Boy 1: You're being silly now.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
Space Ghost: Punch.
Zorak: Punch.
(They continue saying "punch" in background)
Jerky Boy 1: Space Ghost I oughtta, I oughtta smack your teeth out over there.
Space Ghost: Pu... Yeah right... (Zorak keeps saying "Punch" in background) Gentlemen, if I kissed you would you understand that I was simply being European?
Jerky Boy 1: You come near me I'll take a big eraser out, you'll be history.
Zorak: Punch... punch...
Moltar: (in control room) Ponch?
Zorak: No! Punch!
Moltar: Ohhhhh... "CHiPs"! (he pulls his lever, "CHiPs" theme comes on)
Zorak: No, Punch!
Moltar: Oh. Yes, of course. Sorry about that.
(Space Ghost is staring at the Jerky Boys)
Jerky Boy 1: What you lookin' at, man?
Space Ghost: (looking down) This wasn't my best interview, was it?
Jerky Boy 1: Naw, Space Ghost you're great. I used to watch you as a kid. I'm glad you're still fighting crime.
Space Ghost: Thanks, Johnny.
Jerky Boy 2: When is this gonna air?
Space Ghost: I don't know. Moltar! When does this air?
Moltar: Uh, well, let's see... First, we'll have to pull out all the dirty words you used...
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Moltar: Then, we'll have to scramble it around and try to make this seem funny... That'll take about three weeks' worth of work, Earth time...
Space Ghost: Mmm hmm.
Moltar: Then the writers have to basically write you out of the script, and we...
Space Ghost: (coughs) There you have it!
Jerky Boy 1: All right, Space Ghost!
Jerky Boy 2: Hey, you fruit loop!
Space Ghost: That's it. Get out.
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: Pretty good ad lib, huh?
Space Ghost: Yeah, right. (to camera) You've seen our next guest on "The Price is Right". Please welcome Dian Parkinson.
(Monitor lowers with Dian on it)
Space Ghost: Hi Dian, are you comfy?
Dian Parkinson: Are we on, or...
Space Ghost: Yes.
Dian Parkinson: Are you serious? Are we doing this scene now, and you didn't even count it down?
Space Ghost: Yes!
Dian Parkinson: My little Space Ghost! How come you're doing this to me?
(A miniature sized Space Ghost is sitting in his chair)
Zorak: So, what about the Bob Barker affair?
Space Ghost: The fair? I love fairs... (carnival music in background) Lights, pony rides, cotton candy, Lobster Boy. Tell me about the fair!
Dian Parkinson: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Avoiding the subject?
Dian Parkinson: Yes.
Space Ghost: Diane, I have ways of making you talk about the fair.
Dian Parkinson: Well, I don't know...
Space Ghost: I'd say "Dian, tell me about the fair," and you'd answer. That's talking about it.
Dian Parkinson: (laughs)
Zorak: Who is this woman?
Space Ghost: I think it's Dian Parkinson.
Dian Parkinson: And what's his name?
Space Ghost: That's Zorak, does he scare you?
Dian Parkinson: No, it's just a grasshopper.
Zorak: I'm a mantis.
Space Ghost: You're a locust.
Zorak: Look me up, I'm a mantis. Lokar is the locust.
Space Ghost: (flipping through the script) Say... you are a mantis! I've been calling you a locust all this time!
Zorak: You were?
Space Ghost: Yes! Don't you pay attention?
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Well, thanks a lot, Mr. Mantis! You're so important over there with that keyboard and everything and you don't have to pay attention, because the Mr. Mantis is way too important to be the sidekick, isn't that right Mr. Mantis!?
Zorak: What?
Dian Parkinson: (laughs)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Magenta. Now, that's a silly word.

GUEST STARSCindy GuyerJerky BoysDian Parkinson
WRITERSBilly AronsonMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerChris Harmon
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSE editorial
ON-LINE EDITORDan Daube
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTTanya Bergan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNFred SeibertKen ChamberlainDave FarmerButterbean(inverted) Tom RocheJeff BarronDave DubielMargo de la Cruz
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERKhaki Jones
PRODUCERMatthew Maiellaro
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Batmantis

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Batmantis
Original Air Date:September 29, 1994
Guest Stars:Adam West, Lee Meriwether, Eartha Kitt
Synopsis:A mysterious villain kidnaps Moltar and Space Ghost must solicit the help of Adam West, Lee Meriweather and Eartha Kitt, all from the "Batman" television series, in an effort to save him. And...holy exoskeleton, Space Ghost, it's Zorak as Batmantis!

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Space Ghost: (laughs) Funny, Adam, what other funny stories can you tell me before we go on the air?
Adam West: Uh, oh yes, I remember one time with the late Vincent Price, who played Egghead...
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Adam West: We were in the cliff-hanger on the show, and, uh, we were supposed to be in an egg fight, Robin and I, with Egghead. Well, the prop guys had brought probably eight-- (Space Ghost dozes off, monitor goes blank)
Space Ghost: (wakes up) Ehhh... Well? Okay! We're back with Bobcat Goldthwait. What? Where am I? Moltar, what happened to the feed? Did I fall asleep, Zorak?
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Moltar, get the feed back! Sorry. Was I snoring or anything?
Zorak: You were drooling.
Space Ghost: Oooow... Moltar, what are you doing? Moltar! Now I'm punchy. (Invisos to the control room; Moltar isn't there. He reads a note on Moltar's screen) "If you ever want to see Moltar again, surrender your power bands and give me control of the universe. If you don't comply, Moltar will be resickled, recycled. Signed, Your Mother." Hmmm...
Zorak: Holy stolen lava, Space Ghost, Moltar's been kidnapped!
Space Ghost: Right you are, my little green friend. An evil ploy by Your Mother. (flies back to desk)
Zorak: Your mother.
Space Ghost: No, not my mom, somebody else's mom. Someone's sick and deranged mom.
Zorak: Oh.
Space Ghost: Zorak, we'll need help. I'll scan the Space Frequency Demodulator with my Remote Control Ray to find Batman. Restricted.
Zorak: You do that... (echo effect) I am becoming...
Announcer: Meanwhile, at the bandstand, a hideous mutation rears its ugly head. So hideous, that it must be censored. (explosion)
Batmantis: I shiver with power. I ache with disease. I am Batmantis! ("Batman" music & sound effects begin in background)
Space Ghost: Aaaa! (starts to fire at Batmantis)
Batmantis: Wait! (balloon with "Blap!")
Space Ghost: Oh, it's you! Good costume. Look! Shoot a ray, and you get a word. (shoots ray, gets balloon with "Obvious Parody!")
Batmantis: Shoot an adjective.
Space Ghost: (shoots ray, gets "Insipid!")
Batmantis: Shoot a proper noun!
Space Ghost: (shoots ray, gets "Kenny Rogers!")
Batmantis: Shoot the theory of evolution!
Space Ghost: (shoots ray, gets three paragraphs of unreadable text) Look into the eyes of justice, Your Mother. You'll never get my power bands, savvy? Batmantis and I will fight you to the end.
Batmantis: I must go to the control room.
Space Ghost: To get butter and cheese?
Batmantis: No, to find Moltar.
Space Ghost: Oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
(Transition effect & music)
(Lee Meriwether appears on monitor)
Space Ghost: Lee Meriwether! (sting music)
Lee Meriwether: (laughs)
Space Ghost: You were Catwoman, weren't you?
Lee Meriwether: Yes, a long, long time ago. (laughs)
Space Ghost: I'm looking for Batman, but maybe you can help me too.
Lee Meriwether: I beg your pardon?
Space Ghost: Moltar's been kidnapped, and I must save him.
Lee Meriwether: Oh, dear, the pity.
Space Ghost: Will you work with me, Lee?
Lee Meriwether: It would be thrilling, I, I, I'll take on, I'll take on the job if you really think I could.
Space Ghost: I do. I'll send you up to Batmantis.
Lee Meriwether: Okay. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Have you ever met Batmantis?
Lee Meriwether: I haven't, but I can hardly wait!
(Transition effect and music)
Batmantis: (In the control room) Lee Meriwether!
Lee Meriwether: Oh, is that it?
Batmantis: Afraid?
Lee Meriwether: (laughs)
Batmantis: Moltar's been stolen!
Lee Meriwether: Well, I don't think you have to worry or fear, because, um, uh, we have two great caped crusaders, Batman and...
Batmantis: I am Batmantis! Say it with me, Bat-Mantis!
Lee Meriwether: Oh dear!
Space Ghost: (back in the studio) Moltar, can you hear me? Are you there, son?
Adam West: Yes, hello, hello.
Space Ghost: Great, you're back, Adam!
Adam West: You're talking to me?
Space Ghost: Ahem! I mean, Bruce Wayne. (in low voice) I know you're really Batman, (in normal voice again) but can I call you Adam, Adam?
Adam West: Sure, if you want to blow my cover, Tad.
Space Ghost: Look, Your Mother's taken Moltar. Become Batman and help me.
Adam West: No.
Space Ghost: Come on, I need your super-powers.
Adam West: Uh, I have none.
Space Ghost: What!
Adam West: I'm just a little crazy, obsessed with fighting crime, but I have no super-powers.
Space Ghost: So, your whole life is a lie.
Adam West: Wherever I find it, I fight crime, and there is a crime here today, I see.
Space Ghost: No kidding.
Adam West: (they stare at each other for a while, then Adam holds up book he wants to plug) Look, look!
Space Ghost: That's nice. Listen, if I use my mask in combination with my
Adam West: Yes, all the answers, all the answers are here in my new book.
Space Ghost: All the answers?
Adam West: Yes, all the answers. (laughing)
Space Ghost: Will you beam me a copy right now?
Adam West: Yes, if you'll take me to lunch somewhere in the universe.
Space Ghost: No time for lunch, Adam. Gimme the book.
Adam West: No.
Space Ghost: Gimme the book!
Adam West: No.
Space Ghost: (pause) You wimp. Well, I won't have to fight Your Mother alone. I have a Batmantis.
Adam West: I have a Robin.
Space Ghost: I have a Batmantis.
Adam West: I have a Robin, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: You, sir, have nothing. You've been cancelled.
Adam West: Shut up, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: I'm still on the air. I'll fight without you.
Adam West: Good. I'll be here when you get back.
Space Ghost: (pause) Yeah.
Adam West: Am I a difficult guest?
Space Ghost: No, you're a prince! (telephone starts ringing)
Adam West: Are you disappointed?
Space Ghost: A call on the space feed! I have to go, Adam, er, Batman, I mean, Bruce. Whatever!
Adam West: Is this-- (zaps off screen, replaced by Your Mother)
Your Mother: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Who are you?
Your Mother: I am Your Mother! (sting music)
Space Ghost: You are not!
Your Mother: Heed my will, surrender your power bands to me at once!
Space Ghost: You're not my mom!
Your Mother: Yes I am!
Space Ghost: Are not!
Your Mother: Yes I am!
Space Ghost: What have you done with Moltar, you harlot?
Your Mother: He's locked in a sub-zero vaporizing cabinet, where he'll catch his death. (sting music)
Space Ghost: My God, woman, that'll kill him!
Your Mother: Eat your peas.
Space Ghost: No! (sting music)
Your Mother: Clean your room!
Space Ghost: Uh uh! (sting music) [Hey, this thing in the monitor is not my mother] (more sting music) [My room was always clean. Must think of a plan...]
Batmantis: (back in control room) You are not Catwoman, Julie Newmar is Catwoman.
Lee Meriwether: Julie was our first Catwoman. And then I came in and did the movie...
Batmantis: Julie's better.
Lee Meriwether: Well, Eartha, for my money, was the best Catwoman.
Batmantis: Gimme your money! (sting music)
Lee Meriwether: I beg your pardon?
Batmantis: Gimme your money! (sting music)
Lee Meriwether: Oh, I see. (laughs) Actually, that, that was very good.
Batmantis: You mock me? (sting music) Purr like a cat!
Lee Meriwether: Oh, please, the children! (laughs)
Space Ghost: (back in the studio) Listen up, you parasite, I've joined forces with Batmantis and we'll bring you down!
Your Mother: Batmantis is no match for me!
Space Ghost: No one's a match for you, you harlot! Tell me where Moltar is!
Your Mother: Repent, Space Ghost. Mourn for the frozen, in five minutes I'll pull the freeze lever, and Moltar becomes glacierized. Or, you surrender your power bands. I await your decision. Don't be late now! (hangs up)
Announcer: Will Space Ghost surrender his power bands and save Moltar from Your Mother? Will Adam West come to his aid or will he wimp out? Will every word Batmantis says be followed by that suspenseful sting music? What will happen next? Why is the sky blue? What is the mystery of the Yeti? (says "Hi") Do you know the Muffin Man? Stay tuned to find out!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Announcer: When we last left him, Batmantis was having a heart-to-heart with Lee Meriwether, and Space Ghost was being bullied by Your Mother.
Your Mother: Surrender your power bands, Space Ghost. I await your decision. (hangs up)
Adam West: Do you have any other questions? (sting music)
Space Ghost: Adam, go peddle your book somewhere else!
Adam West: All right, let me open the book, and read. "Dark ominous clouds hung over the..."
Adam West: Adam, see you at the auto show. (zaps him off screen)
Eartha Kitt: R-r-r-r-aow!
Space Ghost: Meow!
Eartha Kitt: You mean "r-r-r-r-aow!"
Space Ghost: Meow meow, meow meow meow meow meow meow! (subtitles, with bouncing dot: "Eartha Kitt, join my forces to save Moltar.")
Eartha Kitt: What planet are you on?
Space Ghost: Ghost Planet.
Eartha Kitt: Well, how does it feel to be on a ghost planet?
Space Ghost: It feels like Wednesday every day!
Eartha Kitt: That's interesting.
Space Ghost: Adam West refuses to become Batman and help me.
Eartha Kitt: (laughs) But I think that's why he was chosen to be Batman, because it's a sort of non-nothing character.
Space Ghost: And he's shallow. Zorak, however, has become Batmantis, and he's more apt to help me.
Eartha Kitt: Oh, once a bug, always a bug.
Space Ghost: Shhhh, he's right upstairs.
Eartha Kitt: Oh, I see, okay.
Space Ghost: Let me fill you in...
Batmantis: (back in the control room) Look into my eyes.
Lee Meriwether: No.
Batmantis: Look into my eyes!
Lee Meriwether: You need a, a lobotomy.
Batmantis: (looks shocked)
Space Ghost: (back in the studio) And since Adam bailed out, we could use some help.
Eartha Kitt: Yeah, I, well, I don't even think I'll be that interested in any form or fashion.
Space Ghost: Is Catwoman a fraidy-cat?
Eartha Kitt: Oh, well, I don't know about that.
Space Ghost: How about I call you Chicken Woman?
Eartha Kitt: Well, I'm not very fond of the title...
Space Ghost: You're all alike, you Catwomen. Tease tease tease.
Eartha Kitt: Yeah, I feel very feline all the time.
Space Ghost: Quit workin' it.
Eartha Kitt: So I feel as though I'm slithering...
Space Ghost: Cut the act, sister!
Eartha Kitt: Particularly when I see a man, you know, I want to sort of slither into his arms.
Space Ghost: I -- Really?
Eartha Kitt: (image zaps off, and is replaced by Your Mother)
Your Mother: Time's up, Space Ghost. Your lolly-gagging kills your friend. Watch as I pull the freeze lever.
Space Ghost: Noooooo!!! Moltaaaaar!!!
(Space Ghost wakes up, Adam West is on the screen and talking)
Space Ghost: ... Moltar... huh?
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost, I'm trying to work here.
Space Ghost: Moltar, is that really you?
Moltar: In the flesh, if I had flesh.
Space Ghost: Aww, Moltar! And Zorak!
Zorak: And what?
Space Ghost: I had the most awful dream! Let's have a bake sale.
(Credits roll)
Zorak: What are these?
Moltar: Butterscotch haystacks.
Zorak: Gross!
Space Ghost: What's in these ladyfingers, Moltar?
Moltar: Lady fingers.
Zorak: Are you gonna look, or are you gonna buy?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Moltar: I don't like oatmeal cookies, they make me go.
Space Ghost: These look like fig newt-- hey, you didn't bake these!
(Dramatic sting music)

GUEST STARSAdam WestLee MeriwetherEartha Kitt
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerJacqueline Jusko
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSE editorial
ON-LINE EDITORDan Daube
AUDIO ENGINEERJay Yeary
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTMatt Harrigan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNFred SeibertKen ChamberlainDave Farmer(inverted) Tom RocheButterbeanJeff BarronDave DubielRoy Clements
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERKhaki Jones
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Self Help

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Self Help
Original Air Date:October 6, 1994
Guest Stars:Dr. Joyce Brothers, Rich Hall, Anka Radakovich
Synopsis:Helping to rehabilitate Zorak, Space Ghost welcomes psychiatrist Dr. Joyce Brothers, who ends up being more concerned about him. Later, comic Rich Hall gives Space Ghost pointers on how to pick up women that are immediately used by Zorak and Moltar to impress author Anka Radakovich.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Moltar: (in control room) Hi, I'm Moltar.
Joyce Brothers: Uh huh.
Moltar: I have an addiction to... fire.
Joyce Brothers: Playing with fire can really be harmful to you, to me, to your studio, to everything that you hold dear.
Moltar: Hmmmm, give us a kiss.
Joyce Brothers: All right. (closes her eyes)
Moltar: (leans forward, hits the screen with his helmet, breaking it)
Joyce Brothers: (laughs)
Moltar: Huh?
(Opening theme music & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) ¡Hola! I am Space Ghost. On this show I've gathered a panel of therapists to help Zorak. (lowers voice) He's evil.
Zorak: I am not!
Space Ghost: Yes you are!
Zorak: I am not!
Space Ghost: Yes you are!
Zorak: (pause) Yes, I am! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: See?
(Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) ¡Hola! (laughs) Alrighty! My first guest is Dr. Joyce Brothers. You may have seen her on such shows as "Merv Griffin", "Mike Douglas", "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", "Tic Tac Dough", "Mr. Belvidere", "The X-Men", "The X-Files", "ALF", "The Tonight Show", and "True Stories of the Highway Patrol".
Zorak: (sighs) Page two. "Bay Watch", "The $5 Pyramid", "The $20 Pyramid", "The $100 Pyramid", ...
Space Ghost: Welcome her! (screen lowers)
Zorak: ... "Joker's Wild", "Weekend at Bernie's", "The Four Hundred Blows", ...
Space Ghost: Welcome to the show, Dr. Brothers.
Joyce Brothers: Well, I...
Zorak: ... "Flubber", "Clockwork Orange", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "The Man from Snowy River"...
Joyce Brothers: That's wild! (laughs)
Zorak: Why are you here? (continues to talk in background)
Space Ghost: Yeah, why are you here?
Joyce Brothers: Because people need so much help.
Space Ghost: Correct! So, what's new, Dr. Brothers?
Joyce Brothers: Everything. Uh, I have a new book, called "Positive Plus, The Practical Plan for Liking Yourself Better", and I know, Space Ghost, there's no way you could like yourself better than you do.
Space Ghost: Not even for money. Hey, isn't Zorak handsome and nice?
Joyce Brothers: No he's not.
Zorak: Yeah! No I'm not!
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Dr. Brothers, can you work with me here?
Joyce Brothers: Okay!
Zorak: Paul Harvey...
Space Ghost: I'm trying to mend his evil ways.
Zorak: ... Paul Harvey... Paul Harvey!
Space Ghost: What about him?
Zorak: Eh, he's good, don't you think?
Space Ghost: Do you have any aspirin, doc?
Joyce Brothers: I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
Zorak: Hello America, page two, and that man was Walt Disney, and that's the rest of, the story. (keeps talking in background)
Space Ghost: (in low voice) I said, I'm rehabilitating Zorak, he's really quite evil. Can you help me?
Joyce Brothers: If he's an evil locust, then he's only evil every seven years, so, just enjoy him between the seven years.
Zorak: But, but, I'm a mantis.
Space Ghost: He's right.
Zorak: We're mean all the time!
Space Ghost: Can you shut him up?
Joyce Brothers: No, but I can help them understand their minds, and that's what I'm trying to do with you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Me? I'm fine! He's got the problem!
Joyce Brothers: Well, I'm not so sure you're okay, but the idea...
Space Ghost: Of course I'm okay, I'm Space Ghost!
Joyce Brothers: The idea is that people validate one another, ...
Space Ghost: Psychobabble. (Joyce stops talking) Look, lady, I called you in to help Zorak, not me! You think I have the problem?
Joyce Brothers: Well, that is a great possibility.
Space Ghost: (pause) How long have you hated men?
Moltar: (in control room) Rich... Rich!
Rich Hall: Yeah.
Moltar: You're up in two minutes.
Rich Hall: Mmm hmm.
Moltar: Time enough for a kiss!
Joyce Brothers: (in studio) And, your mask makes it really very difficult for people to divine your motivation.
Space Ghost: (crassly) Do tell!
Joyce Brothers: Your motivation, for all we know, may not be as open as your publicity allows us to think.
Space Ghost: You get paid for this?
Joyce Brothers: Yes, uh, you know, have you ever seen an ink blot?
Space Ghost: Once, in Dothan, Alabama.
Joyce Brothers: I think they're fun to watch...
Zorak: Excuse me...
Joyce Brothers: ...but I don't think they're psychic at all. I think some people...
Zorak: Excuse me...
Joyce Brothers: ...are willing to look at all the information...
Zorak: Excuse me... over here...
Space Ghost: What!
Zorak: Eh, where's Dothan?
Space Ghost: On the way to Panama City!
Zorak: Oh. Okay, thanks.
Space Ghost: I'm sorry, so what about these ink stains you were blathering about?
Joyce Brothers: Well, you know, you project all your emotions onto that ink blot...
Zorak: Excuse me...
Joyce Brothers: ...then therapist could read...
Zorak: Um, excuse me...
Joyce Brothers: ...how you really feel.
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) What!
Zorak: Is that in Florida?
Space Ghost: Yes!
Zorak: The panhandle?
Space Ghost: Yes!
Zorak: Okay, thanks.
Joyce Brothers: You know, we really are trained in every culture to look at people...
Zorak: Uh, Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: WHAT!
Zorak: Paul Harvey.
Space Ghost: (Grrrrr)
Joyce Brothers: So if you ask a little child who hasn't had...
Space Ghost: You're... not gonna charge me for this, are you?
Joyce Brothers: Well, umm, actually, it would, I would send you a double bill because you have a split personality.
Space Ghost: Ohhhh! So now I'm a schizo?
Joyce Brothers: (pause) It's very possible, um, you would know better than anyone else.
Space Ghost: (chuckles) That's preposterous. I am not, nor have I ever been, a schizophrenic. (British voice) That's not true. (regular voice) You be quiet. (British voice) Who's the lady? (regular voice) Shut up! (British voice) Aren't you gonna introduce me?
Joyce Brothers: (laughs)
Zorak: Moltar, call the police.
Space Ghost: I heard that! (British voice) No, you didn't!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (laughs) Alrighty! We're back! (pause) Hey Zorak, that Dr. Brothers sure was a nut!
Zorak: I thought she was incredibly informative and had many insightful observations about your behavior.
Space Ghost: What!? Oh, I see. You think I'm crazy, don't you?
Zorak: Er...
Space Ghost: Go ahead Zorak, say it.
Zorak: Well, um, heh...
Space Ghost: Say it!
Zorak: Moltar?
Moltar: (in control room) You're up, Rich.
Rich Hall: Okay.
Moltar: Last chance for a kiss.
Rich Hall: That's enough, really, let's, uh, let's, let's draw the line there.
Moltar: Your loss.
Rich Hall: Thank you. (Moltar pulls the lever, sending Rich to the studio)
Space Ghost: (at desk) Say it!
Rich Hall: Hiya Space, how's it goin'?
Space Ghost: (in Clint Eastwood voice) Buckle up for safety.
Rich Hall: Alright.
Space Ghost: Tell us about your book.
Rich Hall: Uh, it's a hundred and twenty eight pages of, uh, of all the major dysfunctions on our planet...
Space Ghost: Say it!
Zorak: Eh...
Rich Hall: ... uh, I'm trying to kinda, you know, put the fun back into dysfunction.
Zorak: (pause) Heh heh.
Space Ghost: Oh, I get it! Fun into dysfunction!
Rich Hall: A sense of humor's very important, Space Ghost, and I can see that you're desperately trying to develop one, and that's good.
Space Ghost: Hey, thanks!
Rich Hall: And, and you look very, very stylish in your cape, by the way.
Space Ghost: What's that supposed to mean?
Rich Hall: Oh, no, I'm sorry, I don't mean to make you uncomfortable. No, really, I mean, I'm just sayin' that from uh, one guy to another, you know.
Space Ghost: No, I don't know.
Rich Hall: Well, Space Ghost, you have to become a little more comfortable with your sexuality, and a little more confident in it, you know. I'm just giving you a compliment, it's not like I'm comin' on to you or anything, you know.
Space Ghost: (stares silently)
Rich Hall: I mean, you're a superhero, I think you need some superhero confidence, in your, uh, sexuality.
Space Ghost: (crassly) Oh, really, anything else?
Rich Hall: You need to, uh, you need to watch some more TV.
Space Ghost: More TV, you don't say? Any certain way I should watch TV?
Rich Hall: Oh, Space Ghost, ah...
Space Ghost: Would you like to wear the cape, Rich?
Rich Hall: Uh...
Space Ghost: (Long pause) Rich.
Rich Hall: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Do a sniglet.
Rich Hall: No, I don't do sniglets anymore, uh, they're dead. Put 'em in the garage.
Space Ghost: Make up a sniglet for Zorak.
Rich Hall: (annoyed) I'm gonna let you enjoy your little self referential moment of mirth there, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: How about, Mantis Do Gooder. Is that a swell sniglet or what, Rich?
Rich Hall: (more annoyed) Are there prizes for these questions?
Space Ghost: This isn't a game show, Mr. Hall
Rich Hall: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: That's better.
Zorak: Bite me! (pause) Oh, I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Thank you. Rich, tell us about your super powers.
Rich Hall: Uh, I have none, and I'm totally defenseless at this point to whatever, uh, assault Earth decides to commit against me, uh, I'm just a victim.
Space Ghost: A victim of your own self pity.
Rich Hall: No, I just feel like, uh, I know my place on the planet and it's, it's very tiny, I think that...
Space Ghost: That's sad.
Rich Hall: (tsk) Yeah.
Space Ghost: Do a sniglet.
Rich Hall: No.
Space Ghost: Okay. Why won't women talk to me?
Rich Hall: Well, the first thing that you need to do, is, uh, go all out and lie.
Space Ghost: Lie?
Rich Hall: Use your imagination, just tell women what they want to hear, you know, you can always cover your tracks later.
Space Ghost: But Rich, I always tell the truth.
Rich Hall: That's not what women want to hear. They wanna hear you drummed for Pearl Jam. Yeah.
Space Ghost: That's not a sniglet, Hall.
Rich Hall: Um...
Space Ghost: Go get me some breakfast!
Rich Hall: I'm sorry?
Space Ghost: (zaps Rich off screen) Now, let's see, what's next? (looking at his hand) Hey, look at my hand! (covering & uncovering his face) Open, close, open, close, open ...
Zorak: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Huh?
Zorak: You have another guest.
Space Ghost: Zorak... I don't feel well, you do it.
Zorak: Me? Honest?
Space Ghost: Open, close, open ...
Anka Radakovich: (in control room) Pyro-, Pyromaniacs?
Moltar: Yeah!
Anka Radakovich: They're hot.
Moltar: Would you kiss one?
Anka Radakovich: Oh yeah, (smooch smooch) can I give you a kiss? (puckers)
Moltar: (blissfully) Oooooh!!!
Anka Radakovich: Bye bye. (waves) Say bye bye!
Moltar: Bye bye. (throws lever) I love you.
Anka Radakovich: (laughs) Whoooooo! Alright!
Zorak: Umm... er... uh... you are a human.
Anka Radakovich: Yeah.
Zorak: You are a female human.
Anka Radakovich: Yeah.
Zorak: You are a pretty female human.
Anka Radakovich: Mm Hmmm.
Zorak: Mm Hmmm, pretty pretty female human.
Space Ghost: Anka, I'm the drummer for Pearl Jam!
Anka Radakovich: Well, I just wrote a book.
Space Ghost: Well, I drum for a band.
Anka Radakovich: Well, I just wrote a book.
Space Ghost: Well I can speak French really loud!
Space Ghost: Je parle français très fort, no?
Anka Radakovich: Oui?
Space Ghost: Je peux ouvrir une boite d'épinards avec les muscles de mon derrière! (laughs) (subdued) I used to be so pretty... in Paris. (French cafe music) (inset picture of Space Ghost in a dress)
Zorak: So, what do you think of me, human?
Anka Radakovich: Um, I think you're masculine but sensitive...
Space Ghost: (starts singing "Frère Jacques" in background)
Zorak: You do not know me, human! I am evil, therefore I am lonely. I'm just a lonely... drummer for Pearl Jam.
Anka Radakovich: Alright!
Moltar: That's a lie!
Zorak: Shut up, Moltar!
Moltar: The female human is mine!
Zorak: What!
Moltar: I see what you're doing! Putting the lonely mantis routine on to get the girl. You're lying!
Zorak: Mantis' don't lie!
Moltar: Do so!
Zorak: Do not!
Moltar: Do so!
Zorak: Do not
Moltar: Do so!
Zorak: Do not!
Space Ghost: (finishing "Frère Jacques") Dang dong dang! Dang dong dang!
(Credits roll. "La Marseillaise" plays in background)
Moltar: You've got a dumb head!
Zorak: At least I have a head!
Space Ghost: Just shut up!

GUEST STARSDr. Joyce BrothersRich HallAnka Radakovich
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSEeditorial
ON-LINE EDITORKen Brady
AUDIO ENGINEERPaige Lillard
ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerChris Harmon
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTMatt Harrigan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaFred SeibertCNNKen ChamberlainDave Farmer(inverted) Tom RocheButterbeanJeff BarronDave DubielRoy ClementsPierre BairinKelli Christianson
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERKhaki Jones
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


The Mask

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:The Mask
Original Air Date:November 3, 1994
Guest Stars:Jim Carrey, Charles Russell

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Space Ghost: (before the movie) Only ten seconds! I only get ten seconds to tell people about my interview with Jim Carrey after the movie? What? We're on now? Uh, Space Ghost, Jim Carrey, right after the movie!
(The movie)
Space Ghost: (watching film trailer on monitor) Did you see that dog?
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: That dog was great!
Zorak: He was good.
Space Ghost: How do you suppose they got... Oh, hi everyone, I'm Space Ghost. We just saw "The Mask" with Jim Carrey.
Zorak: It was funny.
Space Ghost: Sure was! I have a new talk show on the Cartoon Network, called "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". It airs Friday nights at 11pm Eastern, and 10pm Central. (the words "Shameless Self Promotion" flash at bottom of screen while he plugs his show) Alrighty! We have some interviews with the stars of "The Mask"! Look! Here comes Jim now!
Zorak: Ihh, his mask is better than yours.
Space Ghost: Shut your yap, ya stupid cricket. Hello, Jim! Were you followed?
Jim Carrey: Uhhhh... No.
Space Ghost: Good! Y'know, I just called Zorak a cricket, but he's really a mantis!
Jim Carrey: Oh really? He's really a mantis. Excellent.
Zorak: Impersonate me!
Jim Carrey: (Does mantis impersonation) This kind of mantis?
Space Ghost: Say, that's pretty good!
Jim Carrey: I used to love mantises. I used to love to, like, get a mantis and a grasshopper, put them into a jar and shake them up.
Space Ghost: A grass-mantis shake? Now if only we knew where to find a big grasshopper!
Zorak: Shut up!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: Hey Jim, can you impersonate me?
Jim Carrey: (makes humming-whistling sound effect)
Space Ghost: Childish.
Jim Carrey: I love the killer ray, man.
Space Ghost: And it loves you!
Jim Carrey: Really?
Space Ghost: Yes! But love it carefully, it's a very delicate instrument.
Jim Carrey: It doesn't just go off, every once in awhile, and just swat somebody?
Space Ghost: Nooo... (his destructo ray goes off, burning Zorak to a crisp)
Space Ghost: I... meant to do that.
Zorak: Eh... uh...
Jim Carrey: Oh, man!
Space Ghost: He'll live, he always does. So, do you love my mask as well, citizen Mask?
Jim Carrey: Space Ghost's mask is e-, is excellent. But where are the ears, man?
Space Ghost: Don't need 'em. I read lips.
Jim Carrey: Excellent.
Space Ghost: What? What?! (laughs)
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: I hear (get it? hear?) that you can make your heart beat out of your chest. Do it!
Jim Carrey: Uhhh, that's just really a side effect from the drugs.
Space Ghost: Drugs are bad!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: I've never taken drugs.
Jim Carrey: Quit braggin'!
Space Ghost: Sorry.
Jim Carrey: Alright.
Space Ghost: Do you have any words of wisdom to tell the universe?
Jim Carrey: To the universe?
Space Ghost: No, to the universe!
Jim Carrey: Uhhhh, n-, uhhhh, yeah, um, no.
Space Ghost: Bye then!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: Whatever. (zaps Jim off monitor)
Zorak: (still crisped) Emmm... mmmm...
Space Ghost: I'm really sorry, Zorak. I didn't mean to...
Zorak: Ehhh, sure, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (Pong game is on monitor) It just went off! Really!
Zorak: Sure it did. Ihhh.
Charles Russell: (in the control room) Didn't he have a sidekick or something?
Moltar: What, you mean those teens? (laughs) They're history!
Charles Russell: That's cool.
Space Ghost: My next guest is Charles Russell! He directed "The Mask"! (Charles appears on monitor) Citizen Charles! Welcome to the show!
Charles Russell: Thank you very much.
Space Ghost: That dog was amazing!
Charles Russell: (laughs) I treated that dog just like my actors.
Space Ghost: I can be an actor! I've got the look!
Charles Russell: Oh, well, the yellow cape is good, I like yellow a lot...
Space Ghost: Me too!
Charles Russell: We have a nice, banana yellow zoot suit in "Mask".
Space Ghost: Bananas are a good source of potassium!
Charles Russell: That's true.
Space Ghost: So very, very true!
Charles Russell: (looks at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: So, what about the rest of my suit?
Charles Russell: It's strong, it's powerful, but I think it's time for Space Ghost to break out.
Space Ghost: I like the way you think, Chuck!
Charles Russell: I think I might wanna do something with the wardrobe, I think, oh, I think I might wanna do something, maybe, with a little more color.
Space Ghost: You wanna paint me up all green like the "Mask" guy?
Charles Russell: The truth, though, is that Jim Carrey actually is green.
Space Ghost: Zorak is green... with evil!
Charles Russell: I think having an evil bandleader is always a plus, because it gives you that special edge to the music.
Space Ghost: Yeah, whatever. We're not here to talk about music, Chuck. We're here to talk about me, and my new talk show on the Cartoon Network, which airs Friday nights at 11pm Eastern Standard Time! ("Shameless Self Promotion" flashes at bottom of screen again)
Charles Russell: Although, Space Ghost, I must say that I've enjoyed some of your earlier work in particular...
Space Ghost: That was nothin'! I was typecast!
Charles Russell: But, Tex, Tex Avery, uh... Chuck Jones...
Space Ghost: Those guys are old school! I was typecast! Don't you get that?!
Charles Russell: (looks back in silence)
Space Ghost: I kept getting super-hero parts, saving galaxies... I wanted more heroic roles! Like... like Lassie!
Charles Russell: Uh, I've always been bored with Lassie, who...
Space Ghost: Bored with Lassie?! Lassie's king!
Zorak: Yeah! Lassie's king!
Charles Russell: Did he have a sidekick or something?
Zorak: (under his breath) Lassie-hater.
Space Ghost: Normally, I'd ask you if you had any final words for the universe, but we're out of time for you, because now I must plug my show! "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" airs only on The Cartoon Network! ("Shameless Self Promotion" flashes at bottom of screen again) Friday nights at 11pm Eastern, 10pm Central, 9pm Mountain, uh, 8pm Pacific, Greenwich Mean Time would be... in Taiwan, 2pm in Honolulu, 11:45 in London, backtracking across the International Dateline... Are we on in Guam? Somebody tell me, are we on in Guam?

SPACE GHOST COAST TO COAST
STARRINGJim CarreyChuck Russell
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSEeditorial
ON-LINE EDITORKen Brady
AUDIO ENGINEERPaige Lillard
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTMatt Harrigan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaFred SeibertButterbean(inverted) Tom RocheRoy ClementsNew Line Cinema
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERSKhaki JonesAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Gum, Disease

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Gum, Disease
Original Air Date:November 10, 1994
Guest Stars:Branford Marsalis, Danny Bonaduce
Synopsis:The rapport between Branford Marsalis and Space Ghost makes it lookas though the then-band leader of "The Tonight Show" might be switching talk shows. Next, a child star from the same television era as Space Ghost, Danny Bonaduce, talks about his days with the Partridge family and his deep-seated hatred for Osmonds.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:START FEED
Moltar: (sneezes)
Zorak: Sixteen.
Moltar: (sneezes)
Zorak: Seventeen.
Moltar: My nose is stopped up.
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Inviso in... (invisos out) Inviso out... (invisos in) Inviso in... There, seems okay now.
Moltar: (sneezes, entire studio shakes)
Space Ghost: Crimony! What's the ruckus, Zorak?
Zorak: What ruckus? (Moltar sneezes again, studio shakes)
Space Ghost: That ruckus.
Zorak: Oh. Moltar's sick. (Moltar sneezes again)
Space Ghost: Bless you, Moltar.
(Opening theme music & titles; part way through, Moltar sneezes again, and music & credits start fast-forwarding & rewinding, and playing at various speeds. Space Ghost invisos out & in again)
Space Ghost: (laughs) (aside) That was odd. (aloud) Greetings! I am Space Ghost. (smiles, light glints off his teeth) My guests tonight are recording artist and "Tonight Show" band leader Branford Marsalis, and former "Partridge Family" member Danny Bona-, Bon-, Bonaduckie.
Zorak: Duce!
Moltar: (sneezes)
Space Ghost: Gesundheit!
Moltar: (snort) Thanks.
Zorak: (plays Space Ghost to his desk)
Space Ghost: Zorak, that... (final drum beat) was less than satisfactory. Explain yourself.
Zorak: I.. don't know. Don't look at me!
Space Ghost: I am looking at you.
Zorak: Well, don't. (Zorak & Space Ghost stare at each other; Zorak blinks)
Space Ghost: (Ding!) Hah! I win, Zorak!
Zorak: Grrrr...
Space Ghost: Okey-dokey! My first guest, unlike Zorak, is a talented musician. Please welcome Branford Marsalis. (monitor lowers, but bounces repeatedly) Moltar! Bad director!
Moltar: I can't control it.
Space Ghost: Have to use freeze ray. (Fires freeze ray at monitor, it finally stops bouncing) Okay now. No more slip-ups. Remember, this is a professional talk show. (someone drops a microphone, feedback ensues; Moltar coughs in background) (pause) Branford!
Branford Marsalis: Hey, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Hey right back at you, Branford. So how goes the "Tonight Show"?
Branford Marsalis: It's going pretty good, sir.
Space Ghost: That's terrific. Mazel tov!
Branford Marsalis: Thank you very much, Mr. Ghost.
Space Ghost: I see you're chewing gum.
Zorak: Gum?
Moltar: Gum?
Zorak: Gum!
Space Ghost: Did you bring enough everyone?
Branford Marsalis: No, but I'll have some shortly.
Zorak: No gum?
Space Ghost: So, do you enjoy being the "Tonight Show" band leader?
Branford Marsalis: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Is it fun? Do you enjoy working with Jay Leno?
Branford Marsalis: Yes, yes.
Space Ghost: In a way, you're like Ricky Ricardo, except without all that other stuff.
Branford Marsalis: Absolutely, absolutely.
Space Ghost: So, what evil crime have you committed against Jay Leno to become his band leader?
Branford Marsalis: I don't, I don't know. I would, I... I really don't think I've done anything wrong.
Space Ghost: (sound of gavel falling) Guilty! (crowd murmuring in background) So, what does Jay Leno do to help defend the universe?
Branford Marsalis: He doesn't do anything to help the universe. (laughs)
Space Ghost: This concerns me. So, what is he like, then?
Branford Marsalis: He has all the money, all the babes, all the cars. He's the host. He's just like you.
Space Ghost: Hardly! I keep the universe safe; he doesn't! And, I have more trophies. (smiles, light glints off his teeth again)
Branford Marsalis: Oh, I'll tell his you said that, and I'll tell his wife too. (glare from Space Ghost's teeth starts overloading the cameras)
Zorak: Space Ghost! Shut your big mouth!
Moltar: Aaaah!
(Screen goes completely white, then goes black; then, a blue screen with a picture of Zorak and Moltar, and the words "WE ARE EXPERIENCING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES" appears, with background music; a short while later, the regular screen returns)
Announcer: (voiceover) We now join Space Ghost Coast to Coast, already in progress.
Space Ghost: ... something crawling on the table... (looks up) Who was that?
Moltar: (sniffle) Some lady.
Space Ghost: (quietly) Alrighty. (normal voice) So, Branford, you have a new album! Tell us about it!
Zorak: Yeah, give us some gum!
Branford Marsalis: Yeah, it's a, it's a really nice album, it's a very dramatic departure from what I usually do. It's more like a, a pop album.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Branford Marsalis: There's a lot of strange mixes on there...
Space Ghost: Speaking of strange mixes, you know what I had for breakfast this morning?
Branford Marsalis: No, I don't.
Space Ghost: A sausage and mayonnaise soup, with a cream of corn omelet. (groans and grumbling voices in background)
Moltar: Oh, no, stop, don't!
Space Ghost: Some milk I left out in the sun for a week...
Moltar: (sounding nauseous)
Branford Marsalis: Oh, come on, don't do that, man!
Space Ghost: And some fuzzy bread.
Moltar: I'm gonna be sick! ("hurling" sounds)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Damage report!
Moltar: I just hurled in my helmet!
Branford Marsalis: Oh, man!
Zorak: Gross.
Space Ghost: I... think it's time to take a break (sound of a container being emptied) Moltar! Not in the control room!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (playing "Sonic the Hedgehog" on monitor; exits game) Okay, we're back with Branford the Branford.
Branford Marsalis: Kick it.
Space Ghost: Branford, I wonder, does Doc Severinson ever show up and offer useless advice and mess with your horn section?
Branford Marsalis: Well, Doc gave me some really good advice right before, uh, the show started...
Space Ghost: (laughs) That Doc! You've gotta love him.
Branford Marsalis: Yeah, he's, he's, he's hype, he's dope, he's, he's crazy.
Zorak: (in "rapper" outfit, with "scratch" noises) Mrrrrr, stick 'em!
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak) So, Branford, do you have musical knowledge to share with Zorak?
Branford Marsalis: Well, not the kind of knowledge you're referring to, but... (laughs)
Space Ghost: What's so funny?
Branford Marsalis: Oh, sorry, were you... nothing, were you saying something, Mr. Ghost?
Zorak: He was asking you, where's Zorak's gum? For me! Mine! My gum! Mine, not yours!
Branford Marsalis: Zorak, never eat anything larger than your head. (to Space Ghost) How's that?
Space Ghost: Not so good.
Branford Marsalis: (surprised) What do you mean?
Space Ghost: Would you care to join us for dinner after the show, Branford?
Branford Marsalis: Absolutely, what do we have, rabbit?
Zorak: I will eat your liver, with some fava beans and a fine Chianti. (sup sup sup sup sup) Oh, and some gum.
Space Ghost: Yeah, right, Zorak. You and what army?
Zorak: Ehhh, the Kiss Army. (Army voices: "Yeaaahhh! Destroy Rock City!")
Space Ghost: Er, right, right. (pause) Branford, I mean, Branford, before you go, will you scat?
Branford Marsalis: Well, it's gonna cost you, bro, you know I won two Grammies.
Zorak: (at desk with laser rifle) Make with the scatting (fires rifle)
Branford Marsalis: A one, a two, a one two three... (scats for 4 bars) (to Space Ghost) Go!
Space Ghost: (scats for 4 bars)
Zorak: (scats for 4 bars) Take it, Moltar!
Moltar: (tries to scat for a couple bars) Take it, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (scats again; Moltar sneezes, and Branford's image is replaced by Danny Bonaduce's)
Moltar: Space Ghost... (Space Ghost keeps scatting) Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: (stops) Hey, that's not Branford! It's that Partridge kid!
Moltar: (sniffle) We lost Branford.
Zorak: And the gum? (pause, then screams)
Space Ghost: Okay, everyone remain calm.
Danny Bonaduce: Hello?
Zorak: (finishes screaming) (to Moltar) You idiot!
Moltar: Sorry.
Zorak: Shut up!
Danny Bonaduce: Hello?
Space Ghost: Hello, citizen Danny!
Zorak: (in background) Shut up!
Moltar: (in background) Sorry.
Space Ghost: So, what have you been up to lately?
Danny Bonaduce: Hi, Space Ghost. Well, I, I've been very busy, but before I even say what I've been doing, let me just say I have been on with some of the biggest talk show hosts in the world...
Zorak: (to Moltar) What?
Danny Bonaduce: ... and this is an honor for me.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Danny Bonaduce: Just kidding! Ha!
Space Ghost: Listen, you have been in some trouble, haven't you, young man? In fact, you're very lucky to even be on my show. Don't you think you should thank me?
Danny Bonaduce: Ha ha ha ha ha... Very funny...
Space Ghost: I'm serious, Partridge. Thank me.
Danny Bonaduce: That makes me nervous.
Space Ghost: I'm waiting...
Danny Bonaduce: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Danny Bonaduce: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: That's more like it. So, Danny boy, what super-power helped you battle the child star syndrome?
Danny Bonaduce: I used the power of invisibility.
Space Ghost: I have that.
Danny Bonaduce: Oh, no kidding!
Space Ghost: Would you use this super-power to help other child star victims?
Zorak: (to Moltar) Shut up!
Danny Bonaduce: No, because I have met other child star victims, and I've got to say that it's my opinion that they pretty much are getting what they deserve.
Zorak: Like Jan and Jace?
Space Ghost: Who?
Zorak & Moltar: (laugh)
Space Ghost: Danny, do you mind my asking how much you made from all those years as a Partridge?
Danny Bonaduce: I've got about eighty bucks and a lunchbox.
Space Ghost: That's it? That show made truckloads of cash! Boy, did you get rooked!
Danny Bonaduce: Shirley Jones, David Cassidy, that's where all the money went.
Space Ghost: It's pathetic how they treat talent in Hollywood. Right, uh, talent, personality, and a quarter will get you a cup of coffee.
Zorak: [No talent and no personality will get you a talk show]
Space Ghost: [Uhhhh...] Danny, what was your favorite thing about the seventies?
Danny Bonaduce: The beginning of the eighties.
Zorak: (in "punk" outfit) Whip it, whip it good!
Space Ghost: [Uhhhh...] Danny, what was your favorite Partridge Family song?
Danny Bonaduce: I actually have a couple. "Echo Valley 2-6809" was one of my favorites. By the way, if you call that, you actually get an old lady in Arizona, it's very cool.
Old Lady: (phone rings, she answers) Hello? Hello? Hello!
Moltar: (laughs, then coughs)
Danny Bonaduce: "I Woke Up In Love This Morning" (starts singing song)
Space Ghost: Ewww! Ewww! Joke's over!
Danny Bonaduce: Oh.
Space Ghost: I understand you're in radio now. Plug your station!
Danny Bonaduce: Um, let's see, uh...
Space Ghost: Wait for it... Go!
Danny Bonaduce: I work at -- (screen zaps, replaced by little girl playing a guitar & singing)
Space Ghost: Now what?
Zorak: Oh, um, sorry. I was sitting on the remote.
Space Ghost: (quietly) So, we lost Danny. That's okay. (screen zaps back)
Danny Bonaduce: Hello?
Space Ghost: Oh. You.
Danny Bonaduce: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Say, Danny the Danny?
Danny Bonaduce: Yes sir, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What did you want to become when you were a kid?
Danny Bonaduce: When I was a, a kid, I really only wanted two things. I wanted to be a policeman...
Zorak: [Lousy screw!]
Danny Bonaduce: ... and, uh, to punch out Donny Osmond, or really any member of the Osmond family.
Zorak: When I was a larvae, I wanted to be the all-powerful ruler of the universe! (crown appears on his head)
Moltar: Me too! (crown appears on his head also)
Zorak: And, to have some gum.
Space Ghost: Do you know what gum is?
Zorak: Nnnnnnnnnnno... But I want some!
Danny Bonaduce: Have you ever met Donny Osmond, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: I'd... (crown appears on his head) I'd rather not talk about it. (crown disappears)
Danny Bonaduce: Got it!
Space Ghost: Danny, you sound rather hoarse. Perhaps you've got The Sick of Moltar!
Moltar: What?
Space Ghost: Maybe I should take a look. Say "Ahhhhh!"
Danny Bonaduce: Ah.
Space Ghost: Louder, please.
Danny Bonaduce: AaaaaaAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! (glass breaks all over the studio, alarms go off)
Space Ghost: Okay, everyone remain calm.
Zorak: Space Ghost! (gets pulled out of his seat, flies across room) Wheeeee!!
Danny Bonaduce: You know, I, sort of after this, Leno sucks.
(Credits roll)
Branford Marsalis: (scats)
Danny Bonaduce: AaaaaaAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!

GUEST STARSBranford MarsalisDanny Bonaduce
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORMichael Cahill
ORIGINAL MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerTanya Bergan
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTION FACILITIESBRICK HOUSE editorial
AUDIOTurner Production Audio
ON-LINE EDITORKen Brady
ASSISTANT EDITORKen Cargile
AUDIO ENGINEERPaige LillardJay Yeary
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTMatt Harrigan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaFred SeibertCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerButterbean(inverted) Tom RocheJeff BarronDave DubielJeff FlockRob HessMichael MaddoxRoy Clements
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatthew Maiellaro
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


A Space Ghost Christmas

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:A Space Ghost Christmas
Original Air Date:December 24, 1994
Guest Stars:Council of Doom, Kevin Meaney
Synopsis:Space Ghost, Zorak, Moltar and the Council of Doom provide festive interpretations of classic Christmas tunes. These musical improvisations are nestled between three past episodes (they have been different each time the Christmas special has aired).

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Announcer: Welcome to a Space Ghost Christmas. There's snow everywhere, and we're in space, and other things are happening! Hey! Here he is now, the bringer of cheer and goodness, Spaaaace Ghoooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Here we are... (horribly pronounced "Feliz Navidad") Fell-izz Na-Navy-dad, citizens, and welcome to Christmas in outer space!
Zorak: Look! It's snowing!
Space Ghost: Sure is, my little nutcracker prince. (mumbles "baby talk")
Zorak: Snow! Snow! Snow! ... (keeps repeating in background)
Moltar: I hate snow!
Space Ghost: Calm down, my little Christmas goose! Come under the mistletoe and give me a smooch.
Zorak: (stops saying "snow!") (stares at Space Ghost in silence) (pause) Snow! (pause) Bah! Humbug!
Space Ghost: Don't be a Scrooge, Zorak! Tonight we're going to run some of my favorite shows, and sing some carols! (reindeer noise and jingle bells in background) Hey! Hey! What's that? (SINGS) "Do you hear what I hear?" It sounds like... it sounds like...
(Music begins; Space Ghost and Zorak "sing")
Up on the housetop, reindeer pause,Out jumps good old Santa Claus,Down through the chimney with lots of toys,All for the little ones, Christmas joys.Ho ho ho,
Zorak: Who wouldn't know?
Space Ghost: Ho ho ho,
Zorak: Look, it's my toe!
Space Ghost: Up on the house top, click click click,Down through the chimney with good Saint Nick.First comes the stocking of little Nell,Oh, dear Santa, fill it well,Give her a dolly that laughs and cries,
Zorak: Wah!
Space Ghost: One that will open and shut her eyes.Ho ho ho!
Zorak: Ha ha ha!
Space Ghost: Ho ho ho!
Zorak: Hee hee hee!
Space Ghost: Up on the house top, click click click,Down through the chimney with good Saint Nick.
Zorak: (in background) Click click click, click... click... click click click.
Space Ghost: Yo ho ho,
Zorak: And a bottle of rum.
Space Ghost: Yo ho ho!
Zorak: Click click click, (keeps clicking in background)
Space Ghost: Up on the house top, click click click,Down through the chimney with good Saint Nick.Mmmm mmm. (hums to himself)
Zorak: Click click click, ca-lick, ca-lick.
Space Ghost: (still humming) Oh, sorry.
Zorak: The stupid Christmas Special will be right back.
WE WILL RETURN
NOW BACK TO OUR SHOW
Zorak: Kiss me, I'm missing a toe.
Space Ghost: Welcome back to "A Space Ghost Christmas". Now, let's take a look at one of my prettiest interviews!
(Insert random episode)
Space Ghost: You know, the smell of frozen snow always brings back the memories of when I was a little Space Ghost, in the choir!
(Music begins; Space Ghost and Zorak "sing")
Space Ghost: Deck the halls with boughs of holly,
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba gabba gabba hey.
Space Ghost: That's not how it goes!
Zorak: Yes it is.
Space Ghost: Oh. (pause) Moltar, start over.
Moltar: (rewinds tape to start of song)
Space Ghost: Deck the halls with boughs of holly,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey hey.
Space Ghost: 'Tis the season to be jolly,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey hey.
Space Ghost: Don we now our gay apparel,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba hey, click click click hey!
Space Ghost: Troll the ancient Yuletide carol,
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba hey hey hey.
Space Ghost: Don we now our gay apparel,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: Troll the ancient Yuletide carol, (mouth not moving)
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba hey hey hey,Gabba gabba hey, hey hey hey hey! (mouth not moving, except for last "hey!")
Moltar: See the blazing Yule before us. (watching Santa on "CHiPs" motorcycle)
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey hey.
Space Ghost: Strike the harp and join the chorus,
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: Follow me in merry measure, (flies through ceiling)
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: While I tell of Yuletide treasure, (out in space)
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba hey hey hey.
Space Ghost: (falls back onto stage floor)
Zorak: Gab-ba hey, gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: Don we now our gay apparel,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: Don we now our gay apparel,
Zorak: Gabba hey, gabba hey, gabba gabba hey hey.
Space Ghost: Don we now our gay apparel,
Zorak: Gabba gabba hey, gabba hey gabba hey,Gabba gabba hey, hey hey hey hey!
Space Ghost: That just didn't sound right.
Zorak: Click!
Space Ghost: Ehhh... Christmas is a warm time, a warm time of togetherness and family, of love and happiness. Y'know, that reminds me of the time Moltar was kidnapped! Heh heh heh heh...
(Insert random episode)
Space Ghost: Here they are - my most evil and hideous of villains from space, Metallus, Tansut, Lokar...
Zorak: (hisses)
Space Ghost: Zorak, that's not very Christmasy... Brak, and Black Widow! They're here to sing "The 12 Days of Christmas"!
All: On the first day of Christmas,my true love gave to me,
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
All: On the second day of Christmas,my true love gave to me,
Metallus: Two plus eight is ten,
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
All: On the third day of Christmas,my true love gave to me,
Lokar: Three reruns of "What's Happening,"
Metallus: Two plus eight is ten,
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
All: On the fourth day of Christmas,my true love gave to me,
Tansut: Four quesadillas,
Lokar: Three reruns of "What's Happening,"
Metallus: Two plus eight is ten,
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
All: On the fifth day of Christmas,my true love gave to me,
Black Widow: Leonard Nimoy sings!
Tansut: Four quesadillas,
Lokar: Three reruns of "What's Happening,"
Metallus: Two plus eight is ten,
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
Space Ghost: Enough! That was pitiful.
Zorak: Click click click.
Space Ghost: Here's another show while Moltar bakes us some Christmas goodies. (sniff sniff) What's that smell, Moltar?
Moltar: It's your butt roasting over an open fire.
Space Ghost: Watch this next show, I've got a goose to cook.
(Insert random episode)
Space Ghost: Y'know, Christmas just wouldn't be Christmas without Zorak doing the dance of the candy canes for us.
Zorak: What!
Space Ghost: Come on Zorak, it's Aunt Mattie's favorite!
Zorak: Uggghhhhuuuccck.
Space Ghost: Well, how about Jingle Bells?
Zorak: Okay! One two three four! (band starts playing) Hello Cleveland! Anarchy in Jingle Bell Land! Yowwwww!Jingle bells, jingle bells, yeah, alright!Jingle, jingle, jingle bells, yeah, wa-wow!God save the Queen! Yeah yeah yeah!She ain't a human being! Click click click click click click click!Hee hee hee! Alright! Thank you!
Kevin Meaney: (appears for 0.5 seconds, looking puzzled)
Zorak: Jingle bells, jingle bells, clickin' all the way,I bought some clickin' jingle bells for cheap at Pick 'n Pay.Jingle bells, eh, er, um... click click click click,Don we now our gay apparel! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah yeah yeah!Bring it on home, boys!Jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle bells! Yowwwww!Good night, San Diego!You cats are beautiful!
Space Ghost: Well, that's it. Thanks for watching! See you next Christmas! Peace on Earth and good will towards men.
All: We wish you a Happy Birthday,We wish you a Happy Birthday,We wish you a Happy Birthday,and a Happy Birthday!
Moltar: We wish you a Happy Birthday,We wish you a Happy Birthday,We... man, this bites...and a Happy Birthday!
Zorak: A Happy Birthday, to you and your kin,we wish you a Happy Birthday and a Happy click click!
Space Ghost: Take me to the bridge.
All: Now bring us some figgy pudding,Now bring us some figgy pudding,Now bring us some figgy pudding,and bring some right here.
Metallus: We wish you a happy merry,Merry merry happy birthday,We wish you a Christmas birthday,and a New Year's birthmas!
All: Good tidings to you,And all of your flesh,We wish you some figgy pudding,and a nice Halloween!
Space Ghost: We wish you a merry birthmas, and a Christmas New Year!
(Credits roll)
Announcer: A Space Ghost Christmas has been brought to you by... by some things... right, right over there! Goodnight, everybody!

GUESTKevin Meaney
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITOR(inverted) Tom Roche
AUDIOPaige LillardRoy Clements
MUSICThe Needle Drop Nine
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy MerrillTanya BerganMichael Tew
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
GRAPHICSDESIGNefx
POST PRODUCTIONCrawford Communications
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTMatt Harrigan
SUPERVISING PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SENIOR PRODUCERKeith Crofford
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1994 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


President's Day Nightmare

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:President's Day Nightmare
Original Air Date:February 19, 1995
Guest Stars:Craig McCracken, Pat Ventura, Van Partible, Eugene Mattos, Genndy Tartakovsky, Dian Parkinson
Synopsis:Space Ghost shows off his versatility by emceeing Cartoon Network's "World Premiere Toon In." Members of the Council of Doom appear as judges in a beauty pageant-style competition between five cartoon directors. Blip also makes an appearance, prompting Space Ghost to croon, "Oh, what a monkey he is!"
Trivia:This episode was first aired as a special simulcast, as noted in the transcript. Subsequent airings have not included the announcer's line saying "Tonight's broadcast extravaganza will be simulcast on TBS, TNT and the Cartoon Network." (well, most of them anyway)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Announcer: Tonight! Live from Ghost Planet! It's the 1st Annual World Premiere Toon In! (Polaroids fly in) With special guests! Brak! Van Partible! Lokar! Pat Ventura! Metallus! Craig McCracken! Black Widow! Genndy Tartakovsky! Tansut! and Geno Mattos! Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, The Council of Doom. (curtain raises)
Council of Doom: We're from outer space,we're an evil disgrace!
Tansut: We spread germs and diseaseall over the place!
Council of Doom: But now we're hereand we're full of beer
Brak: Full of beeeeeer! (subtitle: HELLO MY NAME IS BRAK!)
Black Widow: Space Ghost is so prettyI could hold him dear! (music stops)
Brak: What the...!
Lokar: What, are you insane?
Black Widow: Okay, okay! I hate him! (music resumes)
Council of Doom: We hate em too,he's like a bad haiku
Brak: Haiku! (subtitle: HELLO MY NAME IS BRAK!)
Metallus: (Drones) (subtitle, with bouncing ball: BUT HE GAVE US ALL A PARDON / SO, WHAT COULD WE DO?)
Council of Doom: So we're nice again,Yeah! We're all good sports,and we're here to judge theWorld Pre-mier Shorts!
Brak: Shorts! Shorts!
Announcer: Tonight's broadcast extravaganza will be simulcast on TBS, TNT and the Cartoon Network. And now, your host for the evening, The Principal of Outer Space! Spaaaace Ghooooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in)(coughs during introduction) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost, from Coast to Coast, on the Cartoon Network! Welcome to the First Annual World Premiere Toon In! (aside) We're rolling as we speak, still? Okay, good. (to camera) Tonight, five directors from the Hanna-Barbera Cartoon Studio will compete against each other, in front of an audience of millions and millions, for a big prize! (fanfare) Each director will be judged in random categories by the Council of Doom! The winner will be the winner when he wins! And the winning director will have his cartoon premiered at the end of the show?
Zorak: (glares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Okay. Here to tell you how the votes are tabulated, from the Accounting Firm of Price Westinghouse, Blip the monkey!
Blip the Monkey: (on stage in a tuxedo) (squeaks and squeaks)
Space Ghost: Huh? What are you saying, Blip? What are you saying?!
Blip the Monkey: (squeaks and squeaks)
Space Ghost: I can't understand a word you're saying! Okay, get the monkey off the stage. Now, let's meet the judges, the Council Of Doom.
(Judges, from left to right: Lokar, Metallus, Black Widow, Tansut, Brak)
Space Ghost: Tansut, a vicious alien from the SK system! He likes to mold things out of scalding hot tar.
Tansut: Hi Mom! Hi Dad! (makes peace signs) Predicate!
Space Ghost: Heh heh, oh-kay. Three time Nascar Champion and conqueror of the Dust Mite Planet, Brak!
Brak: All Hail Brak!
Council of Doom: Hail!
Brak: Hail Brak! Haiiiil Brak!
Space Ghost: Black Widow! And next...
Black Widow: Mmmmmm! You look really good in those tights, honey!
Space Ghost: Eew! Yuckie!
Tansut: Predicate!
Space Ghost: Next, Metallus, an armored warrior whose mere glance is enough to strike fear into the hearts of those weaker than he. (looks evil, making droning sound) He collects fridge magnets and is a champion speed knitter.
Metallus: (drones)
Space Ghost: And finally, Lokar! A hideous locust who hails from the east. He enjoys literature and books, and he likes to read colorful pamphlets to orphans.
Lokar: Thank you Space Ghost, I'm esteemed.
Zorak: Death to Lokar!
Lokar: Oh please, Zorak, your insipid habit of barking out ludicrous commands is nothing more than a blatant display of your lack of intelligence.
Zorak: Oh. Thank you, Lokar. That's just about the dumbest thing I ever heard!
Space Ghost: Hey now! You bugs be nice!
Zorak: Shut up!
Lokar: Shut up!
Space Ghost: Alrighty, who will be our first director? Dian?
Dian Parkinson: Are we on or...
Space Ghost: (laughs) (quietly) Moltar! Who's on first?
Moltar: Who's on second?
Space Ghost: I dunno! Who's on second?
Moltar: Right!
Space Ghost: Oh-kay. (pauses, looks around studio) Have you ever noticed the beautiful lighting in this studio?
Zorak: Yeah. (breaking sound off screen) What's a Toon In?
Space Ghost: It's a franchise.
Zorak: Oh, okay.
Space Ghost: The first category is Director's Composure Under Extreme Interrogation! Our first contestant is Pat Ventura!
(Monitor lowers with Pat)
Announcer: (whispering) Tonight's contestants have been briefed on the rules governing each category. What you are about to see is real, these are not actors, they're directors.
Space Ghost: Welcome, Pat!
Pat Ventura: Well, thank you very much, I...
Space Ghost: What do you do?
Pat Ventura: I'm, uh, a director.
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 3, 10, 5, 1, 6)
Space Ghost: Not yet, you clowns! Sorry, uh, tell us about your cartoon!
Pat Ventura: Yuckie Duck is a very hapless, uh, character. He try to please but no one appreciates it, it's like the world against him. (pause) Everything he touches just fouls up.
Space Ghost: (long pause) Let's look at the clip!
(Clip of "Yuckie Duck" is shown)
Space Ghost: Clip category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 3.14, 78, 109, 12.2, "HELLO MY NAME IS BRAK")
Announcer: (with French translation in background) Tansut, twelve point two. Black Widow, one hundred nine. Brak, "Hello my name is Brak."
Space Ghost: What is it with you and Talking Ducks?
Pat Ventura: (clears throat) Well, being a cartoon character, he just can do anything. He'll talk, and... I guess he talks because we just give him a voice.
Space Ghost: You just decide on his voice, just like that.
Pat Ventura: (shrugs) Uh... I...
Zorak: (mocking Pat a la Butthead) Uh huh huh, uh huh huh...
Space Ghost: Okay Pat! Solve the puzzle! (Pat doesn't have time to respond)
Space Ghost: Wrong! Too many vowels!
Pat Ventura: Oh, sssss...
Space Ghost: Council?
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 5, 4, 3, 6, 3)
Space Ghost: Hmmmm, not so good. Do you sing?
Pat Ventura: Uh... no, I don't.
Space Ghost: Dance?
Pat Ventura: No Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (sings, in monotone) Don't sing, don't dance. What do you do... Pat?
Pat Ventura: I'm, uh, a director.
Space Ghost: Then direct me!
Pat Ventura: Well, you can do a cartoon with just...
Space Ghost: Okay, I'm doing a cartoon, here we go, I am a cartoon! What's my motivation? Where am I? Why am I? What are the other characters doing?
Pat Ventura: I guess the characters are doing superhuman feats in themselves.
Space Ghost: Likin' it! They're doing feats and I come in and I say...?
Pat Ventura: Uh...
Space Ghost: Talk to me, Patty baby!
Pat Ventura: Hello, and my name is Pat Ventura.
Space Ghost: (bad acting, straight) "Hello, and my name is Pat Ventura!" Directing category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 2, 0, 1, 2, 4)
Space Ghost: Ooooh. Sliding. Well, thanks, Pat! We'll see you at the end of the show!
Pat Ventura: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: You're welcome! My next contestant is Van Partible!
Zorak: The wrestler?
Space Ghost: No, the director of "Johnny Bravo".
(Van Partible appears on the monitor, eating a danish)
Space Ghost: Hello, Citizen Partible!
Zorak: Hey, do you know Rick Flair?
Van Partible: Mm Hm. (takes big bite)
Zorak: (wide eyed) Food. Food!
Moltar: (pointing) You have a danish!
Van Partible: Yes.
Zorak: Gimme the danish!
Van Partible: Okey dokey.
Space Ghost: No, Van, it's a trick! He'll take your whole hand!
Van Partible: No, I doubt it, but it would be funny... that would be comedy.
Space Ghost: Wait a second, Chester, blood is not funny.
Tansut: (Ding!) Blood is funny! Van is the winner!
Van Partible: I totally love the Ghost Planet.
Space Ghost: Citizen Van, you chose the danish, why?
Van Partible: I have no idea, it was the only thing there, it was either a bagel or this cream cheese frosting thing.
Space Ghost: Food selection category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: -9, -1, -3, -2, 0)
Space Ghost: Council would have chosen the bagel. Bad decision, Van.
Van Partible: See, what I'm trying to do is chew and talk at the same time...
Space Ghost: Talking with your mouth full category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: -22, -3, -90, -48, -67)
Space Ghost: Ooooh, Van, things aren't lookin' good. Bad manners are never en vogue.
Van Partible: I guess, it, it...
Space Ghost: Let's look at the clip!
(Clip of "Johnny Bravo")
Space Ghost: Clip category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 9, 0, 2, 1, 0)
Space Ghost: You can do better than that, Van!
Van Partible: I... (long pause) (shrugs) I guess you're a critic.
Space Ghost: Yup.
Van Partible: Okay.
Space Ghost: We'll be back in two and two!
Announcer: Only one cartoon will win! Which one will it be? Stay tuned to find out.
(World Premiere Toon-In graphic)
Announcer: Oh goody! The World Premiere Toon In franchise is back! Excited? I am.
Space Ghost: Welcome back! Our next contestant is Geno Mattos!
Geno Mattos: Whew! Just beamed in from the old Enterprise, uh, thought I'd say hi!
Space Ghost: Shatner method acting! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
Space Ghost: Goose eggs. Ha ha ha! But you'll have a chance to make that up. Tell us what you do!
Geno Mattos: I am a animation director, designer, uh, on the show "Shake and Flick."
Space Ghost: Wrong!
Geno Mattos: Excuse me, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: You must answer in the form of a walrus!
Geno Mattos: Are you serious?
Lokar: Pardon the intrusion, don't you mean, question?
Space Ghost: You have a question, Lokar?
Lokar: No, lower brain form, you mean, he should answer in the form of a question.
Space Ghost: Yes, he should question in the form of an answer! Good answer! Question the answer, Gino!
Geno Mattos: Who?
Space Ghost: You're good, buddy boy! Now for the clincher... (drum roll)
Geno Mattos: This is totally serious.
Space Ghost: You wouldn't understand my shouting Braille when there's a blender in the oven.
Geno Mattos: Uh, because our deflector shields were up and our communication was kinda garbled?
Space Ghost: Uhhhh, we'll have to check with the judges, hold on!
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 9, 7, 8, 9, 8)
Space Ghost: You're back in the race!
Geno Mattos: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Not a problem, Gino.
Geno Mattos: This is my fifteen seconds of, royal fame.
Space Ghost: That's enough, son.
Geno Mattos: Okay, was I hammin' it up a little too much?
Zorak: Roll the clip!
(Clip of "Shake and Flick", opening credits only)
Space Ghost: Survey says...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 8, -107, 9, 8, 7)
Space Ghost: Well, Geno, you're doing okay.
Geno Mattos: Okay.
Space Ghost: See you. (Geno zaps off monitor)
Space Ghost: Okay! My next contestant is Genndy Tartakovsky. (appears on monitor)
Brak: Hey! What time is it?
Space Ghost: Welcome, Comrade Ginsu!
Genndy Tartakovsky: It's good to be here Space Ghost, thank you.
Space Ghost: You're welcome.
Genndy Tartakovsky: You're welcome.
Space Ghost: Yes, Space Ghost.
Genndy Tartakovsky: Yes, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Mimic category! Council gives...
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 2, -5, 1, 2, Brak)
Brak: Hey! What time is it?
Space Ghost: Tell us about your cartoon.
Genndy Tartakovsky: Yeah, Dexter is a boy genius and, uh...
Space Ghost: Uh huh... Roll it!
(Clip of "Dexter's Laboratory" is shown)
Space Ghost: Clip category! Survey says...
Zorak: Dexter's stupid!
Space Ghost: Ooooh, (Ding!) what do you say to that Comrade?
Genndy Tartakovsky: Well, he can go and just have his own opinion and it won't bother me at all.
Brak: (in background) Hey! (Ding!) Hey, looky here! (Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!) Hey, look at me! (Ding! Ding!)
Space Ghost: (looks at Brak, annoyed) Self-restraint category! Council gives... Council gives...
Brak: Oh!
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 1, 3, 2, 3, 1)
Brak: There!
Space Ghost: Okay Ginsberg, looks good!
Genndy Tartakovsky: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (mocking) Thank you, Space Ghost. (normal voice) Our last and final contestant is Craig McCracken!
Space Ghost: Citizen Craig McCracken, Come on down! (monitor lowers)
Craig McCracken: Thanks. It's good to be here.
Space Ghost: What do you do?
Craig McCracken: Uh, I make cartoons. I make, uh, the Power Puff Girls, about these three little kindergarten-age superheroes who fly around and beat up bad guys.
Space Ghost: Ohhhh, let's see the clip.
(Clip of "Power Puff Girls", about 0.5 second long)
Space Ghost: That's great!
Craig McCracken: Um, Why aren't you like a big sheet just with, like, eyes cut in it, goin' like (motions) "Woooh!" and scary? I mean, why is that? I mean, that's like a ghost.
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 10, 10, 10, 10, 10)
Space Ghost: Uh, Craig...
Craig McCracken: You know, I don't, I don't understand this whole yellow cape black hood thing. It's kinda strange to me.
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 10, 10, 10, 10, 10)
Space Ghost: McCracken...
Craig McCracken: Not really spooky.
Space Ghost: I'm not a scary ghost, Jim! I'm a Space Ghost!
Craig McCracken: Oh, is that it?
Space Ghost: Yes! I'm the savior of the universe! A mature crime-fighter of all evil!
Craig McCracken: I don't, I don't, uh, think crime fighting takes any specific age.
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 10, 10, 10, 10, 10)
Space Ghost: Quit thinking.
Craig McCracken: Okay, I mean, even babies could save the day if they had to.
Council of Doom: (Ding!) (Scores: 11, 11, 11, 11, 11)
Space Ghost: Aren't you late for something?
Craig McCracken: Uh uh. No.
Space Ghost: (raises his armband, as if to fire)
Craig McCracken: Oh, I get it.
Space Ghost: And it's not funny... is it?
Craig McCracken: Nooo, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Get a haircut, McCracken.
(Craig disappears from the monitor)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! Now it's time to tabulate the scores and determine tonight's winning director! (tympani roll) Moltar?
Moltar: (pulls the lever to begin tabulating)
Space Ghost: And the winner is...
Announcer: Don't move. Not a muscle. The winning cartoon is coming up! Right after these messages.
(World Premiere Toon-In graphic)
Announcer: Ah, there's more. We now return to the conclusion of The Cartoon Network's World Premiere Toon In. Let me do that again.
Moltar: It's a tie! I think. Idn't it?
Council of Doom: (Scores: 86, 86, 85, 86, 86)
Moltar: Yeah, it's a tie. (fanfare)
(Musical accompaniment starts; Space Ghost and Zorak sing)
Space Ghost: Here he comes!It's a tie!It's a beautiful burnt sienna tie for me!
Zorak: I want green,to match my spleen,Oh, what a beautiful tie!
Blip the Monkey: (squeaks and squeaks)
Space Ghost: Look at Blip,He is small,Oh, what a monkey he is!
(Music ends; Blip keeps squeaking)
Space Ghost: What? Quit speaking monkey!
Lokar: (pausing deliberately, as though he's translating) Ahem. He said, since it's a tie, yes, I believe it's 'tie', you must have a tie-breaker.
Space Ghost: No, since it's a tie we'll have a swimsuit competition! (low voice) Lose the primate!
(Blip screeches, followed by a crash sound)
Space Ghost: The tie-breaker category is the Swimsuit Competition! Citizen Pat Ventura! Go!
Pat Ventura: (appears on screen) No, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Disqualified! (zaps him off of screen) Van Partible! Swimsuit! Go!
Van Partible: (appears on screen, still eating, mouth full) Do I look at anybody?
Zorak: Danish!
Space Ghost: Disqualified! (zaps him off of screen) Geno Mattos! Swimsuit! Go!
Geno Mattos: (appears on screen) Are you serious?
Space Ghost: Disqualified! Comrade Gingersnap! Swimsuit! Go!
Genndy Tartakovsky: No, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Disqualified! (zaps him off screen) Last contestant! Craig McCracken! Swimsuit! Go!
Craig McCracken: (appears in swimsuit, life jacket, water wings, fins, mask and snorkel, posing & waving; disco music plays)
Space Ghost: And the winner of the 1st Annual Toon In is... Craig McCracken! (Craig holds flowers and weeps, a tiara on his head)
Craig McCracken: (talking through mask and snorkel, blowing kisses) Thank you, Space Ghost, oh, I love them, thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Goodnight everybody! You're beautiful! Here's the winning cartoon that won the winning... oh, roll the cartoon.
(Entire "Power Puff Girls" cartoon is shown)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: (mocking) Thank you Space Ghost.

GUEST STARSCraig McCrackenPat VenturaVan PartibleEugene MattosGenndy TartakovskyDian Parkinson
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillDon KennedyMichael CahillJim RichJudy Tenuta
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATOR DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
CAMERAChip GoebertSteve Anderson
ASSISTANT EDITORSMatt GoreDan Bowens
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
AUDIO ENGINEERSRoy ClementsTom RaceDave Henshaw
MUSICEddie HorstMike Lefevre
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERSMichael CahillKeith CroffordMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 11 - "Story Book"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:11
Title:Story Book
Original Air Date:March 16, 1995
Guest Stars:Kirk the Storyteller, Carl the Cartoonist
Synopsis:Kirk the Storyteller and Carl the Cartoonist stop time with their riveting interpretation of two previous episodes of "Space Ghost Coast to Coast." "Banjo" and "Batmantis" unfold with a solemn reverence appropriate to their importance in the Space Ghost pantheon of electronic entertainment.
Trivia:Besides being a one-of-a-kind episode with almost no animation or guests, this was also the first episode to feature a title card and episode number in the closing credits.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Opening theme music & titles)
Space Ghost: Greetings, I'm Space Ghost...
(Picture breaks up with static, and is replaced by a black and white drawing of Space Ghost's set; classical guitar music plays in background)
Kirk the Storyteller: Welcome to the amazing tales, of the classic superhero Space Ghost, who has entertained young and old for generations. I'm Kirk the Storyteller, and I'll be your narrator. Carl the Cartoonist will help me tell the stories by drawing pictures as we go along.
(Group of kids surround Carl; they suddenly whirl around and face camera)
The scene for our first story is set in the future, and features Space Ghost, and his adversaries Moltar and Zorak. We are in Moltar's control room, where Moltar and Zorak scheme to defeat Space Ghost. Zorak asks where Space Ghost is, and Moltar replies that he's in the back with his new sea monkey kit.
We now see Space Ghost reading from a sheet of directions. He reads that now he has created an adorable home, for sea monkeys. "Open the pouch," the directions read. "It contains sea monkey pellets. Pour them into the bowl, and in just minutes your sea monkeys will flourish with life."
Meantime, Zorak, on the monitor in the control room, is up to mischief as he speaks an incantation: "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah." "What is that?" asks Moltar. Zorak replies, it is a spell from his new book, The Joy of Incantations. It gives him power over Space Ghost's mind.
Meantime, before the bowl where Space Ghost is creating his sea monkeys, he continues to read the direction sheet. "Soon," he reads, "you will be able to observe your sea monkeys, as they make families, have dinner, purchase fine autos, and perform other daily life activities, all within the domain of the sea monkey bowl!"
Back in the control room, Moltar explains it's time to get the Space Ghost. He broadcasts for Space Ghost to return to the set. Space Ghost has heard the message, and he says to his sea monkeys, "I have to go, sea monkeys! Here, have one of my special supervitamins!" And now, on his show set, Space Ghost greets his audience. "Greetings, I'm Space Ghost! And joining me on the show are rap artist Schooly D, and "Weird Al" Yankovic. Say hello, Schooly! Say hello, Al!"
(doing a Schooly voice) "Hey, whassup, man, I'm all right! How ya doin'?"
And then Zorak comes forward and speaks his evil incantation: "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah." The Space Ghost loses control, as Zorak commands him to say something stupid! Space Ghost asks if they would like him to swallow a live mollusk!
Zorak continues his evil spell: "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah." Space Ghost continues his show, but he is not in complete control of his mind. "Schooly," he asks, "are you interested in frolicking in a leafy glade?" Zorak continues his incantation, but Space Ghost comes to his senses and shoots a ray, (ray sound effects in background) destroying Zorak.
Space Ghost then turns to Schooly, and says that to further demonstrate his powers, he will show Schooly his bowl of sea monkeys.
"Look at these monkeys! One of them, whom I have named Banjo, will become the King of the Sea Monkeys! Now watch this. Banjo, jump out of the bowl and show yourself to us! Now, Banjo, you've got a lot of growing to do."
Banjo grows rapidly, under Space Ghost's superpowers.
Now Al Yankovic joins them, saying that he too has magic powers. For example, he can turn red traffic lights green, just by staring at them! Space Ghost laughs; he says that that is enough to get him on the show!
And now Zorak, alive again, appears... and menaces him.
Banjo the sea monkey, who has grown to enormous size, comes to the rescue, displaying his own superpowers. Banjo shoots a laser at Zorak, (laser sound effect) and Zorak is destroyed, once and for all.
However, Space Ghost says that despite Banjo's help, the sea monkey is a danger to everyone. Banjo, as he grows ever larger, will possess too much power. Space Ghost shoots a ray, and destroys Banjo.
Now Space Ghost regrets his action. "Why," he says, "do we always hurt the one we love? Why, Banjo? Why? Banjo! Banjo! Baaannjo!"
And so we conclude this amazing story of the classic superhero, Space Ghost. This is Kirk the Storyteller, saying that we'll be back in a minute with another story.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Kirk the Storyteller: In our second story, Zorak and Moltar are no longer Space Ghost's adversaries, but are now assisting him. As Zorak approaches Moltar's monitor, there is no sign of Moltar. Instead, he finds a note that alarms him. It says, "If you ever want to see Moltar again, Space Ghost must surrender his power bands, and give me control of the universe. If you don't comply, Moltar will be recycled. Signed, Your Mother."
Zorak exclaims, "Holy stolen lava, Space Ghost, Moltar's been kidnapped!" Space Ghost replies, "Right you are, my little green friend. An evil ploy by Your Mother." Zorak insists it is Space Ghost's mother. "No, not my mom!" says Space Ghost. "Someone else's mom! Someone's sick and deranged mom! Zorak, we'll need help. I'll scan the space frequency demodulator, with my remote control, and try to find Batman to help me." Zorak says, "You don't have to do that, because I am becoming Batmantis. I shiver with power, I ache with disease, I am Batmantis!" Space Ghost shouts in triumph, "Look into the eyes of justice, Your Mother, you'll never get my power bands, savvy? I now have Batmantis, to help me fight you to the end."
As Space Ghost continues to control the feed with power bands, Lee Meriwether appears on the screen. Space Ghost says that Moltar's been kidnapped, and he must save him. He asks Lee if she will help him. Lee replies that that will be thrilling, she'll take on the job.
Space Ghost then clicks through space frequencies. "Moltar, can you hear me? Are you there, son?" Adam West appears on the monitor; "Are you talkin' to me?" "Look," says Space Ghost, "Your Mother's taken Moltar, become Batman and help me! I need your superpowers." Adam laughs; "I'm just a little crazy, obsessed with fighting crime, but I have no superpowers. But I have all the answers here in my new book." But Adam West refuses to give his book to Space Ghost. "Adam, you're a wimp!" Space Ghost replies. "Well, I won't have to fight Your Mother alone: I have Batmantis!"
There is a call on the space feed, and Your Mother appears on the screen. "Who are you?" asks Space Ghost. "I am Your Mother! Heed my will! Surrender your power bands to me at once!" "What have you done with Moltar?" exclaims Space Ghost. "He's locked in a subzero vaporizing cabinet, where he'll catch his death!" laughs Your Mother. And then she yells, "Clean your room!" Space Ghost shudders; "This thing on the monitor is not my mother! My room was always clean!" Space Ghost is angry; "Listen up, parasite! I've joined forces with Batmantis, and we'll bring you down!" Your Mother scornfully replies, "Batmantis is no match for me! Repent, Space Ghost! Mourn for the frozen! In five minutes I'll pull the freeze lever, and Moltar becomes glacierized. Or you surrender your power bands."
There's a new signal on the screen. The face of Your Mother is replaced by Eartha Kitt, who now appears on the monitor. Space Ghost asks Eartha to join his forces, and help him save Moltar. "My problem is that Adam West refuses to become Batman and help me," he says. Eartha smiles; "But I think that's why he was chosen to be Batman, 'cause he's a sort of a, non-nothing character." "And he's shallow," adds Space Ghost. "Zorak, however, has become Batmantis, and he's more apt to help me. How about you, Eartha?" "I don't think I'd be that interested." "Is Catwoman a fraidy-cat?" jeers Space Ghost. "How about I call you Chicken Woman?" "Well, I'm not very fond of that title," snaps Eartha.
Your Mother breaks the feed, on the monitor screen, replacing the picture of Eartha Kitt. "Time's up, Space Ghost. Your lolly-gagging kills your friend. Watch as I pull the freeze lever." "Noooooo!!! Moltaaaaar!!! Nooooooooooooo!" Space Ghost groans. But suddenly he awakens to find Moltar beside him! "Moltar, is that you?" "In the flesh," says Moltar, "if I had flesh." "Oh, I had the most awful dream!" muses Space Ghost. "It is so good to see you safe and sound."
And so we have a very relieved Space Ghost, at the end of our second story. We hope you have enjoyed our episodes, assisted by Carl the Cartoonist (group of kids surrounding Carl whirl around again and face camera) as we have brought you fairy-tale-like adventures of the future and the fantastic. (music ends, with drawing of Space Ghost's set)
(Screen breaks up in static)
(Credits roll)
Kirk the Storyteller: "Banjo! Banjo! Baaannjo!"

GUEST STARSKirk the StorytellerCarl the Cartoonist
ORIGINAL STORIESMatthew MaiellaroChris Feresten
ADAPTATIONJames Kirkconnell
EDITOR(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICRob FieldingSonny SharrockEddie Horst
DIRECTORAndy DeLeo
AUDIO ENGINEERRoy Clements
CAMERAHugues Cormier
TECHNICAL DIRECTORNarinder Channa
SPECIAL THANKSMichael CahillCanada
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 12 - "Girlie Show"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:12
Title:Girlie Show
Original Air Date:March 23, 1995
Guest Stars:Fran Drescher, Carol Channing, Alice Cooper
Synopsis:Space Ghost pays tribute to "Women in the Entertainment Industry." First, actress Fran Drescher paralyzes Space Ghost with desire. Carol Channing dispenses motherly advice to soothe his troubled heart, but this comfort is ruined by the appearance of rocker Alice Cooper, who Space Ghost has mistaken for a woman.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Space Ghost: (to himself) Ah, let's see... ohhh, my thighs ache... (to camera) Oh dear.
(Opening theme music & titles)
Space Ghost: (Invisos in) Greetings, I'm Space Ghost!
Zorak: Big whoop.
Space Ghost: Tonight, we present a special theme show, an all-star spectacular tribute to Women In the Entertainment Industry. (fanfare music in background) Our special guest women are "Nanny" Fran Drescher, that "Hello Dolly" herself Carol Channing, and horror rock and roll riot girl Alice Cooper. (aside to audience) It was my idea!
Zorak: My idea was much better! (light bulb appears above his head)
Space Ghost: I told you, Zorak, we're not doing a musical tribute to Jack Klugman.
Zorak: (light bulb disappears) But Klugman is terrific, Klugman is dynamite, Klugman is ... Klugman!
Space Ghost: Enough, Zorak! (quietly) Didn't I give up on us appearing in women's clothing?
Zorak: Ugh! You bloody fool!
Space Ghost: Sore loser!
Zorak: British imperialist swine!
Space Ghost: Tax and spend democrat!
Zorak: Jive turkey!
Space Ghost: Big baby! Baby mantis!
Zorak: (in bib, baby voice) Am not!
Space Ghost: Anyway, it's my show, so what I say goes. And I say we salute women (fanfare).
Moltar: How about a tribute to...
Space Ghost & Zorak: Shut up!
Moltar: Hey, I heard that!
Space Ghost: (Invisos to desk) Zorak, that wasn't my patented theme music.
Zorak: I'm on strike! Stick it to the man! (holding sign which says "SPACE GHOST UNFAIR TO EVIL MANTISES LOCAL 251")
Space Ghost: Uh uh, Zorak, this is a non-union show.
Zorak: Tough (cough) with your show, you (cough cough), I'm on strike! (sign now says "DESTROY ALL TALK SHOWS")
Space Ghost: Hey pal, watch the gutter language! This is a woman's show.
Zorak: (cough)!
Space Ghost: And speaking of women, Moltar has whipped up a little something on them. Roll it, boy!
(Projector startup sounds, film header countdown)
Zorak: (silhouette walks in front of screen) Focus!
Space Ghost: (voice over) Down in front!
Moltar: (handwritten titles, being moved by hands on screen) "S. Gost Presents" / "Tribute to Women"
(Rapid montage of film clips from various movies, with sound effects, backwards music & scream at end)
Space Ghost: Now, that's entertainment!
Zorak: Ugh..
Space Ghost: Time for our first woman. (to himself) Hope my breath's alright. (aloud) Welcome, Citizen Nanny! (screen lowers)
Fran Drescher: Oh, hi!
Space Ghost: (to himself) Oooh, she's a little vixen!
Fran Drescher: But what did you say before the word "nanny"?
Space Ghost: Why, I, cough, cough (face gets red) (voice in background sings: "Riccolo!") I, uh, said, Citizen Nanny?
Fran Drescher: Citizen, oh, "Citizen Nanny", oh, hi, how are you?
Space Ghost: (laughs, then sighs)
Fran Drescher: You know, I'm having trouble, hearing...
Moltar: (in control room) Okay. (throws lever) (sound becomes loud and distorted)
Space Ghost: Can you hear me now? Testing...
Fran Drescher: It's too loud!
Space Ghost: Sorry. Moltar!
Moltar: What?
Zorak: Turn it down! It's too loud!
Moltar: (throws lever again; screen goes black, then comes back; sound returns to normal)
Fran Drescher: That's much better!
Space Ghost: Moltar, I swear...
Moltar: I know, sorry.
Fran Drescher: I, I think that's better.
Zorak: What? Jack?
Fran Drescher: No, I'm deaf in one ear. (laughs) (other voice laughs in background)
Space Ghost: (to himself) That voice! That bewitching voice!
Zorak: That Nanny needs a lozenge! (voice in background sings: "Riccolo!")
Fran Drescher: (looks puzzled, then laughs again)
Space Ghost: Nanny, may I ask you some questions, so I can hear more of your enchanting voice?
Fran Drescher: Um, well...
Space Ghost: Alrighty! I'm going to ask the pretty Nanny questions. (to himself) Steady boy, keep cool.
Zorak: Ask her about Klugman! (sign says "FREE JACK KLUGMAN")
Space Ghost: (to himself) Palms sweaty... (aloud) Uh, tell the show about us, Nanny!
Fran Drescher: (laughs) Am I supposed to answer now?
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah.
Fran Drescher: Ask me the same question.
Space Ghost: Oh dear. I can't! Besides, I forgot it!, er, um... (To himself) Think, Tad, think!
Zorak: How many times has Jack Klugman been on "The Twilight Zone"? (clock ticks in background)
Fran Drescher: (hold up three fingers) Three!
Zorak: (Buzz!) Incorrect! Moltar?
Moltar: Uh, one? (Buzz!) Three! (Buzz!)
Zorak: Sorry. Johnny! Tell them what they've won!
Johnny: (picture of can zooms up on screen, with background music) They've won Diddley Squat! Yes, Diddley Squat, one size fits all, tons of uses. It's Diddley Squat. Zorak?
Zorak: Moltar?
Fran Drescher: Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: I've got it! Nanny, do you nanny for radio-controlled robot children? (Buzz!) Oooh, dumb question.
Fran Drescher: Radio-controlled robot children? Uhhh, no.
Space Ghost: Let me try another question.
Fran Drescher: You know, Arsenio Hall used to give out (buzz) nice gifts.
Space Ghost: (nervous laugh) Nanny, please!
Fran Drescher: (laughs) (baby cries & dog barks in background)
Space Ghost: We'll just let that one go since you're so adorable.
Zorak: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Not you, Zorak! Sorry, Nanny, he's just jealous.
Zorak: I'm not jealous, I'm on strike!
Space Ghost: Man, he's annoying!
Fran Drescher: You obviously enjoy, um, being in that kind of love-hate relationship.
Space Ghost: I don't love Zorak! I love... (harp music swells in background) (to himself) Can it be? Do I love the Nanny?
Fran Drescher: (laughs) (more baby cries, dog barks, set shakes, with crashing noise)
Space Ghost: (to himself) Zuda lord, I do love the Nanny! I can feel it deep inside, in my icky stuff. Every fibre, every iota of my magnificent being feels it!
Gleep: Gibber gibber gibber. (subtitle: I love the Nanny)
Gloop: Gibber gibber gibber gibber gibber. (subtitle: Though I'm but an iota of Space Ghost's being... I too love this Nanny.)
Announcer: (dramatic organ music) So, this Space Ghost fella tell that Nanny girl he loves her? Will the Nanny feel, you know, likewise? Will that bug meet that actor fella he always talks about? And the other one, what's with him, ah, who knows?
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: Hey hey, ho ho, Space Ghost has got to go. (sign says "DESTROY ALL TALK SHOWS") (repeats chant in background while others talk)
Space Ghost: (to himself) After lunch, we'll marry, in a simple ceremony. She'll grow to love the Ghost Planet after a while... (Zorak continues to chant) (aloud) Don't mind him, dearest. Labor dispute.
Fran Drescher: You can fire him, you're the star.
Zorak: Hey hey, ... He can't fire me! I'm the hardest working mantis in show business! Hi-yo!
Space Ghost: Forget him, my fair Nanny! He's but a lowly proletariat.
Zorak: Actually, I'm Episcopalian.
Space Ghost: (lounge music in background) You know, I've never met a woman guest quite like you before, Nanny.
Fran Drescher: Thank you, I know.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, I can sense quality in a female of the species when I scan for it.
Zorak: (belches)
Space Ghost: Zorak! There's a Nanny present! Watch your mouth!
Zorak: I... I can't. It's... too underneathy.
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Fran Drescher: (laughs) My husband says that...
Space Ghost: Husband?
Fran Drescher: Right.
Space Ghost: I'm sorry Nanny, but... good-bye.
Fran Drescher: (looking puzzled; screen zaps)
Space Ghost: (melancholy violin music in background) Don't want no more of this cryin' game.
Zorak: (taunting, in sing-song voice) Space Ghost loves the Nanny!
Space Ghost: Do not!
Zorak: Tainted love!
Space Ghost: (sighs) I wonder what lucky citizen is her husband.
Zorak: Don't you know, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Mr. Belvedere? (Buzz!) Mr. French? (Buzz!)
Zorak: You've never heard of Nanny and the Professor!!
Space Ghost: No! No! It can't be true! (Fran Drescher's and Russell Johnson's images are superimposed over Space Ghost's head)
Fran Drescher: (laughs)
Russell Johnson: Space man, space master...
Space Ghost: MOTHER!!!!
Russell Johnson: You getting it?
Carol Channing: (sings) "Helloooo, Space Ghost, well helloooo, Space Ghost..."
Zorak: Ewww!
Moltar: Space Ghost! You got a Channing at three o'clock!
Carol Channing: Hello, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: (dejected) Oh. Hello Carol. I'm sorry, but I don't feel up to this right now. I'm a downy clowny.
Carol Channing: Oh, please come out of yourself.
Space Ghost: (still dejected) Alright. I'll try. Carol, are you getting enough oxygen?
Carol Channing: No, I haven't...
Space Ghost: (with anxiety) Oh, what's the use!? I'm a fifty-car pile-up of misery!
Zorak: The Nanny dumped Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Carol Channing: How dare she, she was miffed, she was mad, she had gained ten pounds over the Christmas holidays, it was fruit cake.
Space Ghost: I've... I've never known love, Carol.
Carol Channing: You haven't, Space Ghost? You'd be divine!
Space Ghost: I want to know what love is!
Zorak: Love is watching Jack Klugman!
Space Ghost: Is not!
Carol Channing: Oh, yes it is! Also...
Space Ghost: I want woman love!
Zorak: You're pathetic. Be a man, be a Klug-man!
Carol Channing: I think Space Ghost is strangely sweet.
Space Ghost: Really? Thanks! I'm glad we had this little talk, Carol. I feel more confident now!
Carol Channing: Oh, Space Ghost, I've enjoyed it.
Space Ghost: Could I ask you to dinner after the show?
Carol Channing: Oh, sure you could, we'd be cute together.
Space Ghost: Really? We'd be cute? Say, would you go steady with me?
Carol Channing: No.
(Zorak, Carol Channing, Moltar & Fran Drescher all laugh)
Carol Channing: Ta ta! (zaps off screen)
Space Ghost: Fine! Be that way! "Good-bye, Dolly!" Moltar! Next guest! (aside) I'll charm the pants off her. (aloud) Ladies and gentlemen, the lovely Alice Cooper! (Alice appears, exchanges looks with Space Ghost, who is clearly puzzled)
Zorak: Welcome to our nightmare, Alice! (laughs with Moltar)
Alice Cooper: Hello, Mr. Ghost, or is it Space?
Space Ghost: You're not a woman, are you?
Alice Cooper: Oh no, no, not me.
Space Ghost: But, but you have make-up on!
Alice Cooper: I was actually born with eye make-up on.
Space Ghost: Achh! What the (Buzz!) is going on here?
Alice Cooper: Well, it's, uh...
Space Ghost: Has society totally broken down?
Alice Cooper: I think that we all, uh...
Space Ghost: Is nothing sacred? Is love a lie?
Zorak: Space Ghost? I made you something. I think you need it.
Space Ghost: (sniffs) What?
Zorak: An ejector seat! Bonzai! (ejects Space Ghost through the ceiling into space)
Alice Cooper: (chuckles)
Moltar: Heh heh... Good one, dude.
Space Ghost: (outside in space, talking to himself) Game over, man, game over. (Asteroid hits his head) Oww!
Zorak: (at Space Ghost's desk) Prepare yourselves for Klugman!
Alice Cooper: Zorak?
Zorak: Eh, we're short on time here, Alice dear, so chop off your head, or eat a rat, or something, so we can wrap this up.
Alice Cooper: You know, actually, I've never ever bitten or killed anything on stage.
Zorak: Okay, Cooper, how much to get rid of you?
Alice Cooper: Million five, after the show.
Zorak: Done and done. (cash register sound)
Alice Cooper: See ya, creeps.
Space Ghost: (still outside, talking in John Wayne voice) No, Skinny, get away from that fence, Skinny.
Zorak: Sam! Roll Klugman!
Moltar: Okay, Quince! (Jack Klugman is on control room monitor)
Space Ghost: (still outside) Please, someone, anyone, tell me this is all just a horrible nightmare.
Zorak: (Jack Klugman is on the studio monitor) No, it's not! Space Ghost's fifteen minutes of lame are up! Let the Klugman revolution begin! (evil laugh)
Zorak & Moltar: And now, Klugman, Klugman, Klugman, Klugman, Klugman!
(Credits roll, with Jack's picture on right side)
Space Ghost: Good night, my little Nanny, wherever you are.
Fran Drescher: (laughs)
(Buzz!)

GUEST STARSFran DrescherCarol ChanningAlice CooperRussell Johnson
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSR. J. Porzel(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerChris Harmon
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaFred SeibertCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerButterbeanJeff BarronDave DubielAlexa ForemanJohn McCabe
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMichael Cahill
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 14 - "Hungry"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:14
Title:Hungry
Original Air Date:March 30, 1995
Guest Stars:Michael Stipe, Lassie, Mujibur & Sirajul

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Background music)
Space Ghost: (stomach growls) Oh, the hunger...
(Opening theme music & titles)
Space Ghost: Welcome to the show! Tonight my guests are pork roast and fishwich... (stomach growls) I mean Michael Stipe and Lassie. So, how was your weekend, Zorak?
Zorak: (with British accent) Hey hey hey!
Space Ghost: Mine was good too. Eh, say, what's with the action figure?
Zorak: There is no weekend.
Raymond: Hello.
Space Ghost: Yeah, yeah. What's with the action figure?
Zorak: We exist in a boundless time continuum. There is no weekend!
Raymond: (while Zorak is talking) Hello... Hello... Hello.
Zorak: Eh, this is my nephew, Raymond.
Raymond: Hello!
Space Ghost: Hi, Ray!
Raymond: Heh heh..
Space Ghost: So, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Raymond: Uh... Locust of 'pocalypse.
Space Ghost: Isn't that cute? He can't say apocalypse! Watch this... Hey kid, say "spaghetti".
Raymond: Pasghetti.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Mmmm, pasghetti.
Raymond: Pasghetti!
Moltar: (in control room, reading book "Reading is Fun For Mentals") Poc-a-lypse. Pocalypse
Space Ghost: Hey, you bugs must have billions of relatives, what with all the eggs you lay.
Zorak: Don't ghosts hang around attics and go "boo"? Jerk!
Space Ghost: Weren't your mother's people dung beetles?
Zorak: (shouting) I am the Lone Locust of the Apocalypse!
Raymond: 'Pocalypse?
Zorak: Think of me when you look...
Space Ghost: Oh, now you're a locust again! Well silly me, I thought you were a mantis!
Zorak: Uh, I am!
Space Ghost: "I am the Lone Mantis of the Apocalypse."
Raymond: (starts giggling)
Space Ghost: Wait, better yet: "I am the Lone Fill-in-the-blank of the Apocalypse." How's about that, Zorak, leave enough room for you there, hmm?
Zorak: But...
Space Ghost: And how about you start wearing a shirt to work from now on, Jack?
Zorak: I wear a vest!
Raymond: (giggling uncontrollably)
Zorak: Say, Ray...
Raymond: (stops giggling) Yes?
Zorak: Shut up!
Raymond: Okay.
Space Ghost: Are you guys as hungry as I am?
Zorak: (with western accent) Mmmmmm! Hungry, like Hungry Jack hungry?
Space Ghost: No, hungry like a muscled-up GI Joe after a tough day in the chopper.
Zorak: No, uh uh.
Raymond: Yes!
Zorak: No, Raymond.
Raymond: Yes!
Zorak: Nooo, Raymond.
Raymond: Yes, Zoltar!
Zorak: (shouting) I am Zorak! Zor-ak!
Raymond: (starts crying)
Space Ghost: (to himself) Oooh, action figure with life-like tears. (aloud) You want a pizza, Raymond?
Zorak: Pizza!
Space Ghost: Pizza pizza, wittle Waymond.
Raymond: (stops crying) Pizza!
Zorak: Pizza!
Raymond: Peyoni pizza?
Space Ghost: Heh heh... Moltar, establish contact with a pizza parlor! (Zorak & Raymond keep shouting "Pizza!" in the background)
Moltar: Yes, hang on... all right... okay, let me, uh... (throws lever)
Mujibur & Sirajul: (on monitor, waving) Hi, Dave, hi Dave...
Moltar: Huh? Dave?
Mujibur Rahman: Nice to see you, Dave.
Moltar: Earthlings! (throws lever again)
Sal: (on monitor) Sal's Pizza Emporium, we bake it, you buy it.
Moltar: Ah hah... (zaps image to Space Ghost's monitor)
Sal: What'll ya have, mister?
Space Ghost: Greetings, pizza merchant. We wish to order a pie with...
Sal: Outta anchovies.
Space Ghost: ... you guys like anchovies?
Zorak: How about seal?
Space Ghost: Too chewy.
Zorak: Mmm, yeah. Carp?
Space Ghost: You have carp?
Sal: Nope.
Space Ghost: Awwww...
Moltar: Haddock.
Raymond: Waffles. Carp waffles!
Sal: Fresh outta carp waffles already.
Moltar: Hey, hey, haddock.
Space Ghost: We could get grouper...
Moltar: No, no, haddock!
Space Ghost: I've got it... Orange roughy!
Zorak: Yeah, get it bloated!
Moltar: Hey, how about haddock!?
Space Ghost: We'd like a pizza with bloated orange roughy, please.
Zorak: No, wait! Sun-bloated, yeah, get it sun-bloated!
Space Ghost: Sorry. Sun-bloated, okay?
Sal: Yeah, yeah. Hey, Mookie! Gimme one large pie, with sun-bloated orange roughy.
Space Ghost: Pronto, with bells on, PDQ!
Zorak: Make sure it's bloated.
Sal: Alright already! (screen zaps off)
Space Ghost: Mmmmm, orange groupie.
Raymond: Roughy!
Space Ghost: Whatever. My first guest is one of several thousand collies who have gone by the name of Lassie. But this is the real one!
Zorak: Objection!
Raymond: Yeah, the Jetsons!
Space Ghost: Order! (screen lowers)
Raymond: Oooh, puppy!
Space Ghost: Order!
Raymond: Doggy!
Space Ghost: Shh! Don't startle the dog guest.
Raymond: (quietly) Sorry.
Space Ghost: Gee, you're a nice doggy, Lassie.
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: So, what you been up to?
Lassie: Bark! Bark!
Space Ghost: Yeah, I know! Does it ever itch right here?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: You could get some salve. (No response) Okay. Now here's a high-pitch sound only you can hear. AAAAAAAAAEEEEEAAAAAEEEAAAAHHHH!! Uh!
Lassie: (tilts head to one side)
Zorak: You idiot! We can all hear that!
Space Ghost: No you can't. You're bluffing.
Zorak: Am not! You're saying, "AAAAAEEEEEAAAAHHHH!!"
Space Ghost: Well, how 'bout this? Meemeemeemeemeemeemeemeemeemee...
Raymond: (in unison, at higher pitch) Meemeemeemeemeemeemee...
Zorak: (interrupting) No!
Lassie: Bark! Bark!
Space Ghost: What is it, girl?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: There's trouble at the ranch?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: Hmmm... trouble at the farm.
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: You say Brak was bitten by a rattlesnake?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: Where is he, girl?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: He's at old man Tibby's farm?
Lassie: Bark!
Space Ghost: Farms have chickens. Corn! Let's ride! (flies off)
Lassie: (waits a while, then walks off)
Space Ghost: (returns) Uh, where's that farm again? (monitor screen is just static) (in low voice) Oh, she's gone. (normal voice) Say, is that pizza here yet?
Raymond: Uh uh.
Space Ghost: What say we enjoy the aroma of food with my smell ray. Stand back! (zap!)
Zorak: (sniff!) Bacon!
Raymond: Ah! Horsy!
Space Ghost: Okay, guess this one! (zap!)
Zorak: Mmmm, pancreas!
Raymond: Donkey?
Zorak: No, pancreas.
Space Ghost: And this one? (zap!)
Zorak: Chlorine!
Raymond: Pony!
Zorak: No, Ray. Chlorine!
Raymond: No, look! Pretty pony!
Jumbles: Neigh!
Space Ghost: (screen shows words "INSERT HORSE") Oh, yeah, that's Jumbles.
Raymond: Pretty Jumbles!
Sal: (on control room monitor) Look, Iron Man, for the last time, I can't send you a raw pizza.
Moltar: Just gimme the dough, I can cook it in twenty seconds.
Sal: Twenty seconds? What you got over there, a nuclear reactor?
Moltar: Sal, Sal, listen... Gimme the dough.
Space Ghost: Moltar, where's that pizza? It's been over five minutes.
Moltar: Pizza guy on line 2.
Space Ghost: Ah, the pizza man. Greetings, pizza merchant. Greetings, pizza merchant.
Sal: ... Nobody cooks pizza in only twenty seconds.
Raymond: Hello.
Space Ghost: Hey...
Zorak: Hey, Raymond!
Space Ghost: ... Hey...
Zorak: Stop!
Space Ghost: ... Where's my pizza?
Raymond: (chomp!)
Jumbles: Neigh!! (galloping)
Space Ghost: What happened?
Zorak: Raymond bit jumbles.
Space Ghost: What?
Sal: Who's Jumbles?
Space Ghost: He's my horse. Is he okay?
Zorak: I dunno. Maybe.
Sal: So is the horse all right or what?
Space Ghost: I don't know. Hey! Where's my pizza?
Sal: Well, it's like this. Mookie, the guy making your pizza, right, turns out he's allergic to orange roughy, so he got all hivey and stuff, but now he's making you another pie.
Raymond: Is Mookie okay?
Sal: Whoahoahoa! Hey, Mookie! You gotta check this out! The baby maggot's talking!
Zorak: Mantis!
Raymond: Hello.
Mookie: Freaky!
Zorak: Freaky?
Jumbles: (snorts)
Zorak: Freaky.
Sal: Hey, that horse, he don't look so good. What's his name? Jingles?
Space Ghost: Jumbles.
Jumbles: Neigh!
Sal: Yeah, Jumbles. He looks lame. You better put him down.
Space Ghost: Look here, pizza man. I'm Space Ghost, I'm hungry, I've got a talking voodoo doll taking chunks out of my horse and I want my pizza! (pounds fist)
Zorak: Freaky Mookie!
Sal: Okay, okay. Just trying to help.
Space Ghost: All right. So we're, we're okay, we're fine?
Jumbles: (snort)
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: (playing theme music)
Raymond: Quit steppin' on me! Stop it! Stop!
Zorak: (done playing music)
Raymond: Uhh.
Space Ghost: You better slap a muzzle on that scaled down piece of evil.
Zorak: You better get that pizza!
Raymond: Yeah!
Jumbles: (Neigh!)
Space Ghost: Come on, Jumbles, walk it off. (pause)
Space Ghost: Hallelujah! It's Michael Stipe! (pause)
Michael Stipe: Heh. (pause)
Space Ghost: What are those things on your face?
Michael Stipe: Those are my intergalactic space glasses.
Space Ghost: Uh huh. What can you do with those?
Michael Stipe: I can see right through you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Zorak: Freaky.
Space Ghost: So, Mr. Magno-Specs, your new album's called "Monster"? What's up with that?
Michael Stipe: The new record is, um, it's like, uh, it's a, it's a...
Space Ghost: (mocking, in unison) Uh, it's a, it's a ...
Michael Stipe: ... it's a concept record.
Space Ghost: A concept record!
Michael Stipe: It's a, it's a, it's like a layman's, it's like a layman's, it's like a layman's, like a layman's, a layman's, uh...
Space Ghost: It's a, ummmm, it's like a layman's, ummm, there's stuff on your lip, uh, layman's, uh, layman's, uh, layman's, uh...
Michael Stipe: ... a laymen's dissertation on...
Space Ghost: on, on, tip of my tongue, on...
Michael Stipe: ... the black hole phenomenon.
Space Ghost: ... on the black hole phenomenon! (pause)
Raymond: What's, what's this do? (zap!)
Space Ghost: Okay, Mike, I'm going to send you a high-pitched message that only you can hear!
Zorak: (to himself) Why me?
Space Ghost: (opens mouth, extremely high pitch sound)
Michael Stipe: (tilts head to one side) No message, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Okay then, sing that song, sing that, "Shiny Shiny People" song.
Michael Stipe: No.
Space Ghost: I'll get you started. (sings) "Shiny shiny people, shiny shiny people..."
Michael Stipe: I hate that song, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Oh, me too, Michael, me too. Say, Mike, do think I'm a shiny shiny person?
Michael Stipe: I would say yes.
Space Ghost: Yes?
Michael Stipe: Yes.
Space Ghost: You're sure?
Michael Stipe: Yes, absolutely.
Space Ghost: You don't see some dark, horrible corner inside of me somewhere?
Michael Stipe: No, none.
Space Ghost: Okay. You're sure?
Michael Stipe: Yep.
Zorak: I have a question. Is that you in the corner?
Michael Stipe: (looks down under glasses)
Zorak: (points) That way, in the corner! (picture of Zorak's band, with Michael Stipe's face in lower right corner of screen, rubbing front teeth)
Michael Stipe: That's me in the corner, yeah.
Zorak: Freaky!
Space Ghost: So what's next for you? What's on your plate? (stomach growls) Ohh!
Michael Stipe: Um, I'm going to drive to dinner.
Zorak: Take us!
Michael Stipe: No.
Raymond: I wanna go!
Zorak: Take us, please!
Michael Stipe: No.
Zorak: C'mon, Stipe! Give us a break! Buy us some dinner!
Raymond: I wanna sit down.
Zorak: Shut up!
Space Ghost: Well, how about him, will he take us?
Michael Stipe: (in the corner) Yes, absolutely!
Space Ghost: Great! See ya! (zaps MS off screen of main monitor)
Moltar: (to MS in control room) Just me, Moltar, outta lines, hangin' out.
Space Ghost: (to himself) I'm so hungry, I'm lightheaded! (aloud) May I have a hall pass, Miss Steckler? I wanna go home now, Miss Steckler... (passes out & comes to)
Zorak: (mocking) I wanna go too, Miss Steckler.
Space Ghost: Zorak, where's your nephew?
Zorak: Who? Oh, I devoured him.
Space Ghost: (shouting) That's barbaric! (quietly) Is there any left?
Zorak: Um... (swallows) No.
Space Ghost: (quietly) I'm gonna miss the little guy. (screen fades & freezes)
Space Ghost: (in foreground) Let's look back at all the fun we had with our special friend, Raymond.
(Melancholy background music plays. Screen title: "Raymond, A Special Friend". Still shots of:)
(Space Ghost, Zorak, and Raymond at Mt. Rushmore dressed up as tourists. Raymond's T-shirt says "I (heart) Apocalypse")
(Raymond and Moltar in a bathtub in the middle of a busy street)
(Space Ghost, Zorak, and Raymond in drag in front of a boarded up theatre)
(Space Ghost and Raymond flying kites with a tornado behind them)
(fade out)
Space Ghost: (sounding light-headed) I think I should see the nurse, Miss Steckler. (shouting) Moltar! Get me that pizza boy!
Mujibur & Sirajul: (waving) Hi, Dave! Hi, Dave!
Space Ghost: I'm not Dave. I'm Space Ghost! Who are you two?
Mujibur Rahman: I am Mujibur, and this is Sirajul.
Sirajul Islam: Hello, Space Ghost.
Mujibur Rahman: Hmmm, Space Ghost, that's the name on our pizza. (points to pizza box labeled "To Space Ghost, Ghost Planet")
Space Ghost: That's my pizza!
Sirajul Islam: Thank you for the gift.
Mujibur Rahman: Mmmm! Orange roughy!
Mujibur & Sirajul: (laugh uncontrollably)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: That's a good Jumbles. Feeling better now?
Jumbles: Yeah.

GUEST STARSMichael StipeLassieMujibur RahmanSirajul Islam
WRITERSSpike FerestenSteve O'Donnell
EDITORSMichael Cahill(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
SALDennis Mehiel
MOOKIEBrian Welch
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerChris Harmon
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
CAMERADennis Bassarab
AUDIOMichael Reff
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaFred SeibertCNNKen ChamberlainDave FarmerButterbeanJeff BarronDave DubielWorldwide Pants
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERMichael Cahill
PRODUCERMatthew Maiellaro
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 15 - "Fire Drill"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:15
Title:Fire Drill
Original Air Date:June 1, 1995
Guest Stars:David Byrne, Donny Osmond

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Donny Osmond: One, two, three, four, five, testing...
Space Ghost: Hey, do you think, uh, do you think I'd get more business or less business if as my Christmas gift I made up like 500 coffee mugs that say "Mr. Beefy"? (pause)
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Space Ghost: Uh...
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Zorak: Less!
Moltar: More!
Space Ghost: Gee, that's funny, 'cause I sent three baskets here to the Cartoon Network which everybody gobbled up and I never got "thank you" note one for...
Zorak: See, less!
Moltar: That what you gonna do...
Space Ghost: I sent these immense gargantuan disgustingly overloaded baskets... y'know... y'know what I'm gonna do then... next year... next year...
Donny Osmond: (taps microphone impatiently)
Space Ghost: Comfy, Donny?
Donny Osmond: Let's do it. Now, I should be looking at you like this, who is this strange person, or is this kinda normal stuff?
Space Ghost: This is totally serious.
Donny Osmond: Okay, any other characters that may be talking?
Zorak: Nope, just me. (blink blink)
Donny Osmond: Besides Zorak?
Zorak: What's wrong with my character?
Donny Osmond: Oh, there's the "Tar"... what's his name?
Space Ghost: Moltar.
Donny Osmond: Moltar.
Moltar: Yep, monogamy's where it's at in the 90's.
Space Ghost: He's a lava man.
Donny Osmond: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Is that so funny to you?
Donny Osmond: Sure!
Space Ghost: (frowns) feh.
(Opening music & titles)
(Space Ghost invisos in)
Space Ghost: Greetings! I'm Space Ghost. Joining me tonight, chart toppers David Byrne and Donny Osmond.
(At desk) My first guest is a most singular fellow. Please welcome David Byrne! (Monitor lowers)
David Byrne: Thank you very much for having me.
Space Ghost: Welcome! So is this the...
David Byrne: (image does a "fast forward") (starts laughing)
Space Ghost: David, are you having trouble with your power bands?
David Byrne: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I just saw that you were having trouble with your power bands.
David Byrne: I'm... (image does a "fast forward" again) (laughs)
Space Ghost: We can talk about it after the show.
David Byrne: Thank you.
Space Ghost: (lowered voice) In a private room.
David Byrne: Uh... Oh my gosh... (super close-up of Space Ghost's face) I... uh, no.
Space Ghost: All these retro punks with their pale white skin and their black clothing... and their friggin' moist music, it... oh, I'm only kidding! I didn't say you were one... Oh, there you go, now you took offense... So, is this the first talk show you've ever been on?
David Byrne: (laughs)
Space Ghost: In outer space, of course.
David Byrne: Yes it is, I hope it is not the last.
Space Ghost: What do you mean by "it"?
David Byrne: (pause) I... Can I come back to that, I...
Space Ghost: Sure.
David Byrne: Thank you.
Space Ghost: So, what have you been doing?
David Byrne: I find myself...
Zorak: (background) Living in a shotgun shed.
Space Ghost: ... lately?
David Byrne: Lately, I've been travelling in a bus.
Space Ghost: How lately?
David Byrne: (pause) Being a ghost, does that mean that, uh, that you have lived in a previous life?
Space Ghost: Before this one.
David Byrne: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Right.
David Byrne: I like that, uh, I hope the same thing happens to me?
Space Ghost: What thing?
David Byrne: I would like to live in another dimension.
Space Ghost: We would all like to do something, David.
David Byrne: Yes, uh...
Space Ghost: D'you know what I'd like to do, David? I'd like...
Zorak: (interrupts) Ah, ah, I'd, I'd like to have artho... artho...
Space Ghost: Butt out.
Zorak: Knee surgery.
David Byrne: That's good.
Space Ghost: You, David?
David Byrne: Yes, I would like to be cute and blonde.
Space Ghost: Uh huh!
Moltar: (in control room) I'll take the ceramic poodle for 3000, the bumper pool table for 4200, uh, pocket calculator for 7.95, and, the rest on a gift certificate.
David Byrne: I can assume a horizontal position.
Space Ghost: Uh, huh! Heh heh heh...
David Byrne: (laughs) For many weeks! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Hee hee hee... wooo!
David Byrne: (hears heart beats; sees super close-up of Space Ghost again, looks down)
Space Ghost: What about croutons, David? I love them on a light salad!
David Byrne: Not a crouton man, but I like to put them in a separate, separate dish.
Space Ghost: Not a crouton man! (laughs)
David Byrne: You can have my croutons, and Bac-O's.
Space Ghost: And how!
David Byrne: Maybe eat them later.
Space Ghost: (voice is garbled) One, two, no, it's fine now. Hello, hello? Yep, now we're okay.
David Byrne: However, I find that in a salad they're used to inflate the size of the salad, much as if it were Styrofoam packing material.
Space Ghost: Wow.
Zorak: I need some packing material.
Space Ghost: Why do you need some packing material?
Zorak: To pack.
Space Ghost: Pack what, Zorak?
Zorak: Some things.
Space Ghost: What kind of things?
Zorak: Zorak things.
Space Ghost: Oh, really?
David Byrne: (feeling left out) I myself am a creature from Scotland, and, uh...
Zorak: Really.
Space Ghost: Going somewhere?
Zorak: Where?
David Byrne: From Scotland.
Space Ghost: I said, going somewhere?
Zorak: Oh, yeah.
David Byrne: I'm putting my insides on the outside...
Space Ghost: Uh huh?
David Byrne: That's what it's about.
Zorak: Uh huh.
David Byrne: Thank you very much for having me.
Space Ghost: So this place you're going, you'll be needing a lot of "thangs".
David Byrne: I will, again and again.
Zorak: Oh yeah, a lot of things.
Space Ghost: Like ten things or maybe twelve?
David Byrne: I believe it was Moses who brought the Ten Condiments.
Zorak: Sure, sure, maybe everything.
Space Ghost: Everything, huh?
David Byrne: I would like to go...
Zorak: Y'know, just in case.
David Byrne: If you don't mind.
Space Ghost: Y'know, I don't think you'll be going anywhere...
David Byrne: Mr., Mr. Ghost...
Space Ghost: (shouting) Since you're not allowed to leave!!! (pounds fist)
David Byrne: (looks on helplessly)
Zorak: Ohhhhh, I think different.
Space Ghost: (coyly) You forgot to pack something.
Zorak: Huh? What?
Space Ghost: (touches power band) This destructo ray.
David Byrne: (laughs)
Zorak: Uh, no thanks.
Space Ghost: (quietly) Oh, I think you need this destructo ray. (presses power band)
Zorak: Eh... (BLAM!!!) (Zorak is crisped)
Space Ghost: David, I forget... what do you like on your salad again?
David Byrne: (waving hands) Oh no, I still don't have an answer!
Space Ghost: (impatient) Waiting...
David Byrne: Uh... Anything that makes my skin tingle.
Space Ghost: Croutons are what make me tingly.
David Byrne: Yeah.
Space Ghost: I'm serious. I'm crou-tingly.
David Byrne: I should hope so.
Space Ghost: Before you go, is there anything you'd like to know about me?
David Byrne: Uh... (close-up of Space Ghost again)
Space Ghost: Anything at all?
David Byrne: Uh...
Space Ghost: About me? (super close-up of Space Ghost's mouth)
David Byrne: (close-up of his eyes)
Space Ghost: David, you're bringin' me down, man! Zorak?
Zorak: (still crisped) What?
Space Ghost: You're bringin' me down, man! Moltar?
Moltar: Uh huh?
Space Ghost: (quietly) Pssst, Moltar?
Moltar: Hi.
Space Ghost: (normal voice) You're bringin' me down... (Moltar throws lever)
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (low voice) We're in?
Moltar: Yep.
Space Ghost: And you boys are rolling?
Moltar: Uh... yes.
Space Ghost: And we're definitely in?
Moltar: Yes!
Space Ghost: (normal voice) Okay. You're bringin' me down, man! (laughs) All righto! My next guest... (power tools in background) (talks louder) My next guest is Donny Osmond! (intro music) Hi, Donny. Welcome to the show.
Donny Osmond: Thank you, thank you Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Tell us what's new with you.
Donny Osmond: No no no no, I'm not doin' that.
Space Ghost: Why not?
Donny Osmond: Because I've seen your show before, and I've seen what you do to your guests when they start plugging, you cut to people yawning, you cut to boring things while they talk about what they're doing, so I'm not going to tell you that I'm going to release my ...
(Cut to picture of panda)
Narrator: Behold the wooly panda. It is plump and round. The nearby sound of a throttling chainsaw frightens him. 'Eek eek' says the panda.
(Cut back to studio)
Donny Osmond: ... I'm not going to fall prey to your tricks here.
Space Ghost: So Donny, is it true that... (construction noise gets louder) Ahem! So Donny, is it true that... Excuse me a second (flies off) (noise starts to die down)
Donny Osmond: How ya doin', Zorak?
Zorak: How do I do what?
Donny Osmond: Hmm... (sings) Zorak, you're an idiot, I think you're so dumb...
Zorak: ("sings") Donny Osmond, Donny Osmond, Donny Donny Donny... feh.
Donny Osmond: Oh, I didn't know Zorak was a singer.
Zorak: Zorak is many things.
Donny Osmond: Amazing.
Zorak: Do you have five dollars?
Donny Osmond: No, do you?
Zorak: I'll ask the questions here!
Donny Osmond: Okay. (pause) Next question.
Zorak: Eh, listen, I'm in LA soon, so I need to sleep on your couch.
Donny Osmond: Okay.
Zorak: For a whole month.
Donny Osmond: (shakes his head) No.
Zorak: Why not? You afraid of me? Don't want me in your house?
Donny Osmond: Uh huh.
Zorak: Afraid I might kick your butt! Jerk!
Donny Osmond: Get my agent on the phone, quick!
Space Ghost: (flies back) They're building that "Birdman" set next door.
Donny Osmond: I'll kick his butt.
Zorak: I'll kick your butt.
Space Ghost: (laughing) Whoa, calm down, everybody!
Donny Osmond: I'll calm down now.
Space Ghost: All right, sir, fair enough.
Zorak: Donny Osmond... feh!
Donny Osmond: Okay, let's just do it.
Space Ghost: One thing that's buggin' me. Who's your sister?
Donny Osmond: Marie.
Space Ghost: Yeah. If Marie's a little bit country, and you're a little bit rock and roll... What's the rest of you?
Donny Osmond: I guess if I'm a little bit rock and roll, the rest of me is composed of mostly water.
Space Ghost: Liquid water.
Donny Osmond: It's truth.
Space Ghost: Made from scratch?
Donny Osmond: Yeah.
Space Ghost: All right. Being an Osmond, you must have many arch-enemies.
Donny Osmond: Enemies? Space Ghost, I'm Donny Osmond, I don't have enemies! (laughs)
Space Ghost: How about that Bonaduce kid? I heard you two were in a big fight.
Donny Osmond: I punched him in the nose, and I won that fight.
Space Ghost: (sings) "Johnny Confident! Whoosh! Johnny Confident! Fwhoosh!"
Donny Osmond: But it was fixed.
Space Ghost: So you didn't win the fight.
Donny Osmond: I won the fight.
Space Ghost: Sure, Donny.
Donny Osmond: (louder) Set it up again, we'll have a rematch! I'll beat him!
Space Ghost: Like you did before.
Donny Osmond: (shouting) 'Cause I won that fight!
Space Ghost: Okay, you won the fight, who cares?
Donny Osmond: (normal voice) I won the fight.
Space Ghost: Okay!
Donny Osmond: Okay.
Space Ghost: Anything else?
Donny Osmond: How, how did you get this show? Did you, did you audition for this or something?
Space Ghost: (frowns)
Donny Osmond: I'm kidding you, I'll be nice, I'll be kind.
Space Ghost: So, besides those teeth, what superpowers do you have?
Donny Osmond: Um, everybody said I can sing well.
Space Ghost: Do it.
Donny Osmond: (sings)
Space Ghost: Do you like croutons?
Donny Osmond: Nuts?
Space Ghost: Croutons!
Donny Osmond: No, no, no, grapes, they're better.
Space Ghost: Better for idiots.
Donny Osmond: (shrugs)
Space Ghost: Does Marie eat grapes?
Donny Osmond: Why don't you get Marie on the show, let her...
Space Ghost: Yeah, why don't we get Marie on the show? Moltar, I want Marie. (pounds fist) Call her agent.
Moltar: (sings) "How do you solve a problem like Marie-e?" Heh heh heh...
Space Ghost: I don't watch that show.
Moltar: Okay.
Donny Osmond: Just have them call my agent, talk to my attorneys, we'll set something up.
Space Ghost: I'm sure we can do this ourselves, Donny. This isn't our first barbecue.
Donny Osmond: Okay.
Space Ghost: Hey, Donny, Donny, Donny, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, Donny!
Donny Osmond: What?
Space Ghost: (quieter) Where do we go when we die?
(Alarm bell starts ringing)
Space Ghost & Zorak: Fire Drill!
(Credits roll, alarm bell continues to ring)
Space Ghost: (sings) "Johnny Confident! Whoosh!"

GUEST STARSDavid ByrneDonny Osmond
WRITERSDavid GreenbergerMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche (inverted)
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerJim Rich
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
TALENT COORDINATORTanya Bergan
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaCNNButterbeanShore Fire MediaMichael SchwartzAnne Susan Brown
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERMichael Cahill
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 11a - "Le Livre D'Histoire"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:11a
Title:Le Livre D'Histoire
Original Air Date:June 8, 1995
Guest Stars:Jim Carrey, Charles Russell, James Kirkconnell, Carl Clark

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Opening titles, with classical music)
Lokar: Bon soir, I am Lokar, potentate of thug locusts. (final theme music flourish) I'm sitting in for Space Ghost, who's visiting his mum in central Florida. Tonight I have some gems from the Space Ghost vault. Well, actually, these are not gems, they're just repackaged squalour contrived to occupy precious time on the network, thereby providing your infantile humanuory Space Ghost fix for the week. This eventide will manifest two uncommon chapters from the Space Ghost sequence. This maiden article is from a homestead video rele - Get these spiders off of me!!! (shakes his arm violently) Excuse me... There were some ar-r-rachnids in here... Anyway, it's quite beyond my discernment what you asinine humans think is so bleeding marvelous, bleeding marvelous, about the puerile Space Imbecile and his stupid pal Gr-r-reeny. R-r-roll, the cr-r-rap! Please don't jump on me, spiders.
(Flashback to Space Ghost's interview from the end of "The Mask" home video release)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! We have some interviews with the stars of "The Mask"! Look! Here comes Jim now!
Zorak: Ihh, his mask is better than yours.
Space Ghost: Shut your yap, ya stupid cricket. Hello, Jim! Were you followed?
Jim Carrey: Uhhhh... No.
Space Ghost: Good! Y'know, I just called Zorak a cricket, but he's really a mantis!
Jim Carrey: Oh really? He's really a mantis. Excellent.
Zorak: Impersonate me!
Jim Carrey: (Does mantis impersonation) This kind of mantis?
Space Ghost: Say, that's pretty good!
Jim Carrey: I used to love mantises. I used to love to, like, get a mantis and a grasshopper, put them in a jar and shake them up.
Space Ghost: A grass-mantis shake? Now if only we knew where to find a big grasshopper!
Zorak: Shut up!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: Hey Jim, can you impersonate me?
Jim Carrey: (makes humming-whistling sound effect)
Space Ghost: Childish.
Jim Carrey: I love the killer ray, man.
Space Ghost: And it loves you!
Jim Carrey: Really?
Space Ghost: Yes! But love it carefully, it's a very delicate instrument.
Jim Carrey: It doesn't just go off, every once in awhile, and just swat somebody?
Space Ghost: Nooo... (his destructo ray goes off, burning Zorak to a crisp)
Space Ghost: I... meant to do that.
Zorak: Eh... uh...
Jim Carrey: Oh, man!
Space Ghost: He'll live, he always does. So, do you love my mask as well, citizen Mask?
Jim Carrey: Space Ghost's mask is e-, is excellent. But where are the ears, man?
Space Ghost: Don't need 'em. I read lips.
Jim Carrey: Excellent.
Space Ghost: What? What?! (laughs)
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: I hear (get it? hear?) that you can make your heart beat out of your chest. Do it!
Jim Carrey: Uhhh, that's just really a side effect from the drugs.
Space Ghost: Drugs are bad!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: I've never taken drugs.
Jim Carrey: Quit braggin'!
Space Ghost: Sorry.
Jim Carrey: Alright.
Space Ghost: Do you have any words of wisdom to tell the universe?
Jim Carrey: To the universe?
Space Ghost: No, to the universe!
Jim Carrey: Uhhhh, n-, uhhhh, yeah, um, no.
Space Ghost: Bye then!
Jim Carrey: Cool. Alright.
Space Ghost: Whatever. (zaps Jim off monitor)
Zorak: (still crisped) Emmm... mmmm...
Space Ghost: I'm really sorry, Zorak. I didn't mean to...
Zorak: Ehhh, sure, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (Pong game is on monitor) It just went off! Really!
Zorak: Sure it did. Ihhh.
Charles Russell: (in the control room) Did he have a sidekick or something?
Moltar: What, you mean those teens? (laughs) They're history!
Charles Russell: That's cool.
Space Ghost: My next guest is Charles Russell! He directed "The Mask"! (Charles appears on monitor) Citizen Charles! Welcome to the show!
Charles Russell: Thank you very much.
Space Ghost: I can be an actor! I've got the look!
Charles Russell: Oh, well, the yellow cape is good, I like yellow a lot...
Space Ghost: Me too!
Charles Russell: We have a nice, banana yellow zoot suit in "Mask".
Space Ghost: Bananas are a good source of potassium!
Charles Russell: That's true.
Space Ghost: So very, very true!
Charles Russell: (looks at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: So, what about the rest of my suit?
Charles Russell: It's strong, it's powerful, but I think it's time for Space Ghost to break out.
Space Ghost: I like the way you think, Chuck!
Charles Russell: I think I might wanna do something with the wardrobe, I think, oh, I think I might wanna do something, maybe, with a little more color.
Space Ghost: You wanna paint me up all green like the "Mask" guy?
Charles Russell: The truth, though, is that Jim Carrey actually is green.
Space Ghost: Zorak is green... with evil!
Charles Russell: I think having an evil bandleader is always a plus, because it gives you that special edge to the music.
Space Ghost: Yeah, whatever. We're not here to talk about music, Chuck. We're here to talk about me, and my talk show on the Cartoon Network, which airs Friday nights at 11pm Eastern Standard Time! ("Shameless Self Promotion" flashes at bottom of screen again)
Charles Russell: Although, Space Ghost, I must say that I've enjoyed some of your earlier work in particular...
Space Ghost: That was nothin'! I was typecast!
Charles Russell: But, Tex, Tex Avery, uh... Chuck Jones...
Space Ghost: Those guys are old school! I was typecast! Don't you get that?!
Charles Russell: (looks back in silence)
Space Ghost: I kept getting super-hero parts, saving galaxies... I wanted more heroic roles! Like... like Lassie!
Charles Russell: Uh, I've always been bored with Lassie, who...
Space Ghost: Bored with Lassie?! Lassie's king!
Zorak: Yeah! Lassie's king!
Charles Russell: Did he have a sidekick or something?
Zorak: (under his breath) Lassie-hater.
Space Ghost: Normally, I'd ask you if you had any final words for the universe, but we're out of time for you, because now I must plug my show! "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" airs only on The Cartoon Network!
Lokar: (talking over Space Ghost) Isn't that funny?! Isn't that jovial?! Look! Look, he's so pr-r-recious! All right, would some personage out there please elucidate me, what in the name of all that's dear was so capricious about that piece? Ohhhh! Comedy! I see! Cahhhh-me-dy! Yesss! Let's probe that word, shall we? Comedy: popular distraction comprised of revelry, jape, jest, or humourous, humourous performance. Frankly, I find more drollery in a r-r-regional neighbourhood r-r-renaissance festival, than in this Space Ghost cr-r-rap! I shall return after this aaaaAAAA! Get away from... Stop touching, aaaaAAAA! ... a-, after this message from the guarantor.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Lokar: When it all comes down to it, this ensuing scrap of offal would be my peculiar pampered darling. Why, you may ask? Well, I shall tell you. This singular episode, christened "Storybook House", with Kirk the Storyteller and Carl the Cartoonist, rankled the invariant Space Ghost beholder to the extreme. R-r-roll, the cr-r-rap, please!
(Black and white drawing of Space Ghost's set; classical guitar music plays in background)
Kirk the Storyteller: Welcome to the amazing tales, of the classic superhero Space Ghost, who has entertained young and old for generations. I'm Kirk the Storyteller, and I'll be your narrator. Carl the Cartoonist will help me tell the stories by drawing pictures as we go along.
(Group of kids surround Carl; they suddenly whirl around and face camera)
The scene for our first story is set in the future, and features Space Ghost, and his adversaries Moltar and Zorak. We are in Moltar's control room, where Moltar and Zorak scheme to defeat Space Ghost. Zorak asks where Space Ghost is, and Moltar replies that he's in the back with his new sea monkey kit.
We now see Space Ghost reading from a sheet of directions. He reads that now he has created an adorable home, for sea monkeys. "Open the pouch," the directions read. "It contains sea monkey pellets. Pour them into the bowl, and in just minutes your sea monkeys will flourish with life."
Meantime, Zorak, on the monitor in the control room, is up to mischief as he speaks an incantation: "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah." "What is that?" asks Moltar. Zorak replies, it is a spell from his new book, The Joy of Incantations. It gives him power over Space Ghost's mind.
Meantime, before the bowl where Space Ghost is creating his sea monkeys, he continues to read the direction sheet. "Soon," he reads, "you will be able to observe your sea monkeys, as they make families, have dinner, purchase fine autos, and perform other daily life activities, all within the domain of the sea monkey bowl!"
Back in the control room, Moltar explains it's time to get the Space Ghost. He broadcasts for Space Ghost to return to the set. Space Ghost has heard the message, and he says to his sea monkeys, "I have to go, sea monkeys! Here, have one of my special supervitamins!" And now, on his show set, Space Ghost greets his audience. "Greetings, I'm Space Ghost! And joining me on the show are rap artist Schooly D, and "Weird Al" Yankovic. Say hello, Schooly! Say hello, Al!"
(doing a Schooly voice) "Hey, whassup, man, I'm all right! How ya doin'?"
And then Zorak comes forward and speaks his evil incantation: "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah." The Space Ghost loses control, as Zorak commands him to say something stupid! Space Ghost asks if they would like him to swallow a live mollusk!
Space Ghost then turns to Schooly, and says that to further demonstrate his powers, he will show Schooly his bowl of sea monkeys.
"Look at these monkeys! One of them, whom I have named Banjo, will become the King of the Sea Monkeys! Now watch this. Banjo, jump out of the bowl and show yourself to us! Now, Banjo, you've got a lot of growing to do."
Banjo grows rapidly, under Space Ghost's superpowers.
Now Al Yankovic joins them, saying that he too has magic powers. For example, he can turn red traffic lights green, just by staring at them! Space Ghost laughs; he says that that is enough to get him on the show!
And now Zorak, alive again, appears... and menaces him.
Banjo the sea monkey, who has grown to enormous size, comes to the rescue, displaying his own superpowers. Banjo shoots a laser at Zorak, (laser sound effect) and Zorak is destroyed, once and for all.
However, Space Ghost says that despite Banjo's help, the sea monkey is a danger to everyone. Banjo, as he grows ever larger, will possess too much power. Space Ghost shoots a ray, and destroys Banjo.
Now Space Ghost regrets his action. "Why," he says, "do we always hurt the one we love? Why, Banjo? Why? Banjo! Banjo! Baaannjo!"
And so we conclude this amazing story of the classic superhero, Space Ghost. This is Kirk the Storyteller, saying that we'll be back in a minute with another story.
Lokar: (talking over ending of Kirk's story) That doesn't make sense. Well, that's it, then. Space Ghost is cr-r-rap. Now, I can understand you'd obviously prefer to slurp from my well of artistic endeavour. So here for you now, I present an ambrosia morsel of my neo-terric travail that I've entitled "America's Funniest Funny Videos!" Stand by for boisterous mirth!
(Voiceover during credits) Oh, hohoho! Oh, look at that! Oh! Oh, god! Oh my goodness! Ohh, that is so.. Oh! (laughter) Oh, no, not the street, not walking down... oh, look, he's turned around and he's walking.. Oh! (laughter) Oh, that girl sitting! Reading a book! I didn't know Americans could read! (laughter) Oh, he's just wiped his hands on the, on the thing, with the you got the thing on the (laughter), oh, jolly good.

GUEST STARSJim CarreyCharles RussellJames KirkconnellCarl Clark
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroChris FerestenJames KirkconnellAndy Merrill
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstRob Fielding
EDITORS(inverted) Tom RocheMichael Cahill
VOICESAndy MerrillGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
AUDIO ENGINEERSPaige LillardRoy Clements
CAMERAHugues Cormier
DIRECTORAndy DeLeo
TECHNICAL DIRECTORNarinder Channa
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaBarry MillsButterbeanKhaki JonesNew Line CinemaSacha & Eric Adams
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 16 - "Sleeper"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:16
Title:Sleeper
Original Air Date:July 27, 1995
Guest Stars:Hulk Hogan, Slash

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the Ghost Planet commissary)
Space Ghost: What day is this? ... My hood is squeezing me. It's hot in here! ... How many more shows do I have to do? ... [sip] Even God rested... Maybe we need to start repeating shows... Tell me a joke.
Moltar: All right, this guy walks into -
Zorak: Heard it.
Moltar: Okay, uhhh... Bridge g-
Zorak: Heard it.
Moltar: Okay. A guy walks... All right, wait... Okay... Okay... All right... Wait...
Space Ghost: Heard any good haikus lately?
(Lights dim, oriental music in background)
Moltar: Smell the burning flesh.Taste the tangy sulfur air.Volcano season.
Zorak: Mantis green and strong.Deadly pincers, razor sharp. (sips coffee)Waiting for his chance.
Space Ghost: Ehhhh, floating asteroid,Eh, need to buy some school supplies,Ehh, you're soaking in it.
Zorak: Go practice your monologue.
Space Ghost: Har de har. I don't do a monologue, junior.
Zorak: Ohhhh...
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Tonight you do. Haven't you read the script?
Space Ghost: Yes, of course I read the script! I just don't remember... I'm under a lot of pressure, you know... I'm a workin' man, I don't have time for scripts! ... You know!
(Opening titles & jazzy theme music)
Announcer: Hey! Live! The Space Ghost! Coast to Coast! Live! The Space Ghost! Hey! Coast to Coast! Live! Hey!
Space Ghost: Good evening! I'm Space Ghost! On my show tonight, body slammer Hulk Hogan, and straight from the snake pit, Slash! Now, please say hello to my band, Zorak and The Original Way Outs!
(Zorak & the Way Outs play big finish)
Space Ghost: (reading from a cue card held up by the guitarist; very badly read) Say Zorak, A.. funny thing.. happened.. to me.. on the way.. to the studio! Tonight! (laughs hysterically)
Zorak: No it didn't.
Space Ghost: (stops laughing)
Zorak: (glares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Yes, Zorak, it did.
Zorak: I was there. Nothing was funny.
Space Ghost: (under his breath) Come on! Quit it!
Zorak: I can't hear you!
Space Ghost: I said, a funny thing happened to me.
Zorak: No it di- (Space Ghost motions towards his power bands) - eheh!
Space Ghost: Say! I just invisoed in from the coast, and boy are my arms tired!
Zorak: .. eheh!
Space Ghost: Yeah, buddy. They're tired. (coughs) Hey! You know what's crazy? I'll tell you! Politics! Those guys running around voting, making laws and stuff. I mean, who asked them? (laughs, then starts coughing) Hey, aren't... (more coughing) Phfwhew! Pollen!
Zorak: Do tell us more comical-
Space Ghost: Don't start with me, Zorak.
Zorak: Do start?
Space Ghost: You're playing with fire, greeny, so play me to the desk!
Zorak: Uhh, I would prefer not to.
Space Ghost: Uhh, excuse me?
Zorak: That's the way it is. I ain't doin' it.
Space Ghost: You're not a scrivener. You're a locust. So play me to the desk!
Zorak: (plays Space Ghost to the desk with funeral pipe organ music)
(Monitor lowers with Hulk Hogan)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Hulkster! Are you getting enough O2?
Hulk Hogan: oh, solisdael oll benagoltyl do panino..
Space Ghost: Hulk? Are you with us?
Hulk Hogan: Yeah! Me and that little bee!
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Hulk Hogan: I know what it is!
Space Ghost: Uhh, beg pardon?
Hulk Hogan: Whoooohohhh!
Space Ghost: ... Ok.
Hulk Hogan: (showing belt) The belt's there because, um, I didn't want any of those space aliens to steal it..
Space Ghost: Moltar, I don't think the Hulkster's getting enough oxygen.
Moltar: (in control room) Umm, uh, where are we, page six?
Hulk Hogan: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Hang on, Hulkster, we're working on it!
Hulk Hogan: Five miles of Cuban waters. Mark.
Space Ghost: Moltar, hurry!
Moltar: Now what's the inflation on this exactly?
Space Ghost: How we doing, Hulkster?
Hulk Hogan: Does anyone really care what time it is?
Space Ghost: Moltar! Moltar!
Moltar: All right, hang on, now what in the.. (pulls lever) there!
Hulk Hogan: Space Ghost! The man with the beef!
Space Ghost: (laughs) That's the big fella!
Hulk Hogan: (salutes)
Space Ghost: (to Moltar) Don't tell me it's ok if it's not ok!
Moltar: Wait!
Hulk Hogan: Oh, beautiful, beautiful, ahhhhh...
Moltar: There.
Space Ghost: How we doing, Hulkster?
Hulk Hogan: I know now that I'm on Space Ghost's new show.
Zorak: (still playing pipe organ music)
Space Ghost: Alrighty. Hulk, you have an identifying theme that is cloaked in clandestine mystery! Care to divulge it?
Hulk Hogan: Uh... well...
Moltar: (laughs)
Hulk Hogan: (to Moltar) Whatcha gonna do, when Hulk Hogan comes to wrestle you?
Moltar: (clears his throat)
Space Ghost: Come on! What's your secret identity?
Hulk Hogan: My true identity is the leader of the pack.
Space Ghost: In-a-gadda-da-vida, baby!
Zorak: Yeah!
Hulk Hogan: ..
Space Ghost: Don't you know that I'll always be true, yeah, in-a-gadda-da-vida, Zorak... You know, Hulkie, in some ways, you and Zorak are a lot alike!
Hulk Hogan: No! He's got different colored skin! I'm tanned! I'm from California-
Zorak: Melrose Place.
Space Ghost & Hulk Hogan: (stare at Zorak)
Zorak: My sister watches that show.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Hulk Hogan: And I'm the WCW heavyweight champion! That other guy's just a cartoon character!
Space Ghost: Hey! What do you mean, 'just a cartoon character'?
Zorak: Yeah, what's that supposed to mean?
Space Ghost: Look, I paid my dues! I waited tables! I answered phones!
Zorak: I polished silver for the queen.
Space Ghost: I made coffee!
Zorak: Nice lady.
Space Ghost: I danced 'til dawn at studio 54!
Zorak: Wow!
Space Ghost: Me and Rubelle! Man, we could really... Hey! What do you think of Lassie, Hulk?
Hulk Hogan: Well, I'm a, I'm a animal lover; I don't think I'd really wanna -
Space Ghost: No, I wouldn't either.
Hulk Hogan: - wrestle Lassie, I wish Lassie was my pet.
Space Ghost: Me too... But Ted Turner won't let us have pets in the studio. Ever since Banjo... BANNNNJOOOOOOO!
Zorak: Ted Turner? Who's that?
Space Ghost: Ted owns us, Zorak; he can push us around. Even you, Hulk.
Hulk Hogan: Well, I don't know...
Space Ghost: What if Ted made you do Xeroxing all day? In an apron! Would you piledrive him?
Hulk Hogan: He's-
Space Ghost: You would, wouldn't ya? 'Cause you're a tough guy! You're Mr. Tough!
Hulk Hogan: He's got pretty big arms the last time I saw him, because he's been working out with his wife, Jane Fonda.
Zorak: I'm fond-a Fonda!
Hulk Hogan: And she's a fitness expert!
Zorak: Yesss. I'm fond-a Bridget. Fonda.
Space Ghost: Be quiet, brown nose.
Zorak: Hey! I don't have a nose!
Hulk Hogan: Who's the most powerful man in the Turner organization?
Zorak: Fonda.
Hulk Hogan: Hulk Hogan, or Ted Turner?
Space Ghost: Uhh... I would say Ted.... Ted... Then Space Ghost -
Zorak: Feh.
Space Ghost: - and then the Hulkster.
Hulk Hogan: I'd love to see if I could body-slam that big dude.
Space Ghost: Yep! (flexes muscles) I hear that!
Hulk Hogan: (gives Space Ghost a nice biceps shot)
Space Ghost: (returns biceps shots) Whoa daddy! .. Back atcha! .. Heyy bobbaroni!
(Sudden astounding head exchange between Space Ghost and the Hulkster)
Hulk Hogan: uhhhhrrwewwweih.
Space Ghost: wooooewwwwwieeh
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Moltar: (to Space Ghost) Originally, they used to say, "Couples skate next - two girls may not skate together." And then like a couple years later they'd say, "Couples skate - two girls may not skate together. Two boys may not skate together." But they'd say it like, "Who'd've figured! Two boys may not skate together?!"
Space Ghost: (short cough)
Moltar: Are we rolling?
Space Ghost: How do you do! How do you do, ladies and gentleman! We're home! Later in the program, we'll be talking to a nice gentleman named Slash! Ow! Ow! I've thrown my back out! Worker's comp! Aahhh! (laughs) Had you going. Hey Hulk, do you know Slash's last name?
Hulk Hogan: That's his whole name.
Space Ghost: Dondi didn't have a last name either! Neither did Henry! He didn't even have a mouth!
Zorak: There's.. Xuxa! mm?
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak. There's Xuxa.
Zorak: What about her, eh? A word that has no S's that's full of 'em. Xuxa! Xuxa! Xuxa! Ohhhh, Xuxa! Xuxa! Xuxa! (keeps saying "Xuxa" in background)
Space Ghost: (to Hulk) Will you come over and put the sleeper on Zorak?
Hulk Hogan: I don't think any of us, anybody like you, or any of the little Space Ghost kids out there, all those fans of yours, should ever try any wrestlin' holds at home.
Space Ghost: (imitating Hulk) Ohh! You should never put the, sleeper hold, on your boys and, your little girlfriends, and buhh. (normal voice) Ok, Hulk, whatever.
Hulk Hogan: Well, it looks like you've been eating those space cheeseburgers; I'm looking at your waist, and that belly of yours is hanging out so far, I don't even think you can see your shoelaces when you tie your space tennis boots!
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: My laces are Velcro. (condescending) So tell us! What's new in the incredible world of Hulk?
Hulk Hogan: A brand new TV series called "Thunder in Paradise," where I get to play an action-adventure hero on TV every week!
Space Ghost: (sarcastic) An action-adventure hero! Woooooo! Why didn't I think of that? And you fight crime, right? That's original! Hey, do you beat up any bad guys? Maybe come to the rescue of a few distressed citizens?
Hulk Hogan: Uhh...
Space Ghost: Sure! Maybe even save the day while you're at it!
Hulk Hogan: Well you know, dude-
Space Ghost: Been there, done that, see ya! (turns off Hulk) Moltar, give him a copy of the home game! Please welcome my next guest, Slash!
Slash: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Okay.
Slash: What's happenin'?
Space Ghost: Well, I'm Space Ghost. I'm the host; you just answer my questions!
Slash: Then you'd probably ask me a question I couldn't answer, I'd feel like a real idiot.
Space Ghost: No, no no. Don't you worry your pretty little head about anything.
Slash: Eh, okay. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Are you ready?
Slash: I think so.
Space Ghost: Okay. Citizen Slash, welcome to the show! You're from earth, right?
Slash: Yeah.
Space Ghost: How many clouds does earth have?
Slash: ...
Space Ghost: You know, son, if you were a paramedic people'd be dead already.
Slash: Next question.
Space Ghost: Citizen Longhair, when you're on tour, do you ever miss your mommy?
Slash: I can't hear you.
Space Ghost: Are you even listening to me?
Slash: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Hello?
Slash: I'm here, I just said yeah!
Space Ghost: Whatever. Whatever, son.
Slash: (mumbling) Stupid answer to a stupid-
Space Ghost: What?
Slash: Never mind.
Space Ghost: Where are your eyes?
Slash: I can't do this, you guys; I knew this before we got here.
Space Ghost: Wait! I saw one!
Slash: Get me out of here, I'm just.. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Sing us a zippy guitar riff with your mouth.
Slash: No, no, just listen to the record, I have no intentions of doing any zippy guitar riffs with my mou-
Space Ghost: Here, like this! Reeeeeerrrroohhh-
Zorak: No, like this. Eeooorraaahhrarahhbeeerraahh-
Moltar: No, this. Daooo daooo dao dao daooo..
(General zippy guitar riff mayhem)
Slash: I'm not gonna cooperate with you, I don't have to.
Space Ghost: Oh, really?
Slash: Uh uh.
Space Ghost: You know what, Slash? We'll be right back. (flies off)
Slash: Cool!
Zorak: Yeah, Slash! But don't worry buddy, we'll be right back! (evil laugh)
Slash: (alone) What a character. (laughs)
(Credits roll)
Announcer: Hey!Hey!
Slash: (alone in the studio) Hello?
(In the commissary, Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak are sitting at a table)
Zorak: See ya in a sec, Slash, baby. (all snicker)

GUEST STARSHulk HoganSlash
WRITERMatt Harrigan
EDITORSMichael Cahill(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaButterbeanTracy Rowland
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 17 - "Jerk"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:17
Title:Jerk
Original Air Date:August 3, 1995
Guest Stars:Sandra Bernhard, B. Palmer Mills

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Space Ghost: (sitting at desk, reading a speech) ... but most of all, I'd like to take a moment to thank the one person who's made all of this possible... (close up) me, Space Ghost! Thank you, me!
Moltar: Ten seconds, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Okay, everyone, on your toes, let's be really great tonight. I can see it now... first, the Cable Ace awards. Then the Emmy, Tony, Oscar, Shecky, Lulu, Dean Martin roast, Secret Squares, Star Search, spokesmodel...
Brak: Hey!
Space Ghost: Aaugh!
Brak: All hail Brak!
Space Ghost: No!
Brak: Let Brak do the intro! Live from Ghost Planet, it's Brak!
Space Ghost: No!
Brak: Let Brak sing the theme!
Space Ghost: No, no, no, no!
Brak: La la la la la la la la la!
Moltar: You're on!
(Opening theme & titles; Brak sings along)
Space Ghost: (Invisos in to set) Who let that little creep on? Didn't anyone listen to what I said? Didn't I just get through telling you, I want this show to be as smooth as a baby's...
Zorak: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: Like, we're on the air, man!
Space Ghost: Er, uh, what? But, but I'm not ready! That, that little creep threw me off! Quick, start over!
Moltar: What?
Zorak: You jerk, Space Ghost, we're live! You can't start over!
Space Ghost: Er, er, um, uh, well then, uh, everyone close your eyes!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Close them!
Zorak: Oy gevalt! (closes eyes)
Space Ghost: (to camera) You too, home Citizens! (screen goes black) (sound of drums, glass breaking, chicken squawking) Ow!
Zorak: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Okay now, open them!
Zorak: (eyes still closed) Aaagh! Ayee! My eyelids are encrusted shut! Help me! Help meeeee!
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Ten seconds and already this one's in the toilet. (normal voice) Oh, er, um, Greetings! I'm Space Host! (laughs) Woopsie daisy! As you can see, things are a little bit zany tonight, a little wacky, a little kooky (ripping sound)
Zorak: Wacky?
Moltar: Kooky?
Space Ghost: And that's because tonight's show's a real doozy! My guests are sassy comedic chanteuse, Sandra Bernhard, and... wait a second... Moltar, is this right? A mere hardware store owner, on tonight's award-winnable doozy?
Moltar: His name is Palmer Mills... nice guy.
Space Ghost: An average citizen? On my doozy? Moltar, what gives?
Moltar: Eh, we got him dirt cheap.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Uh, well, besides that star-studded line-up, we've added oodles of exciting new features to our show.
Zorak: What a load of...
Space Ghost: What's that, Zorak? What are these loads of excitement? Well, for starters, we have a live studio audience here in the studio! Completely live! (applause) We'll also be taking your live calls and questions, here at the Ghost Planet, live! (phone rings) Not now!
(Subtitles:)do not call in...this is a cartoon joke showwhat are you, stupid?
Space Ghost: And finally, we'll have a human sacrifice! (does double take) What?
Zorak: (evil laugh) Live!
Space Ghost: Not happening, funny boy.
Zorak: Rats!
Audience: (boos)
Space Ghost: Before we start tonight's incredible show, let's say hello to our live studio audience. (shows audience full of mantises) Baba ghanoush, it's the lone audience of the apocalypse! Zorak, do you know these people?
Zorak: Nein! Nein! What are you inferring, Space Ghost?
Uncle Judy: (in Southern accent) Zo-rak! Zo-rak! Ovah heah!
Aunt Lars: Hi, Zo-rak!
Zorak: Oh, uh, hi, Uncle Judy, Aunt Lars. Uh, sorry about Raymond.
Aunt Lars: That's okay, we was gonna eat him up anaway.
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: I don't find that funny.
Zorak: Don't be such a jerk, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: That's the second time you called me a jerk tonight!
Zorak: Oh, my, Space Jerk can count!
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: Don't call me a jerk, Zorak! You... you... you jerk!
Zorak: I'm not a jerk! You're the jerk!
Space Ghost: No, you are!
Zorak: You are!
Space Ghost: You are!
Zorak: You are!
Space Ghost: Jerk!
Zorak: Jerk!
Space Ghost: Jerk!
Zorak: Jerk! (they both repeat "Jerk!" faster and faster)
Space Ghost: Enough... We've wasted too much award-winning time! Moltar, first guest! Get Sandra on!
Moltar: Yeah, whatever. Jerk!
Space Ghost: My first guest is that wild and crazy girl of the minute, star of her own multi-something extravaganza, Sandra Bernhard!
Audience: (applause)
Moltar: Sorry, man, she, she's not ready.
Space Ghost: Oh, this is great! Just dandy! Now I'll have to talk to that ordinary guest guy!
Salesman: (appears on monitor) For your free copy...
Space Ghost: (monitor changes again, shows Palmer Mills) Who's that?
Moltar: It's your guest.
Space Ghost: Oh, terrific! Whoopee! Welcome to the show, plain old average garden variety non-celebrity citizen whoever.
Palmer Mills: Glad to be with you today.
Space Ghost: Yeah, I bet you are, Joe Plainfolks. (condescending) So, you own a hardware store! How nice! Any interesting stories to tell?
Palmer Mills: I thought you'd ask that...
Space Ghost: Nope, didn't think so. You know, I could bench press you from now 'til doomsday. What do you think of that, average citizen?
Palmer Mills: (stunned silence) Well...
Space Ghost: Think it'll rain today? How about those Dallas Cowboys? Boxers or briefs?
Palmer Mills: Well, that's a rather pointed question...
Space Ghost: Well, isn't that what you average citizens talk about, hmmmm, huh, hmmmm? Answer me!
Zorak: Space Ghost! He's a guest!
Space Ghost: Some guest he is! Look at him, he's mundaning up my whole show! How can I win any awards with material like this? This show needs oomph, pizzazz, joy d'vivre! Moltar! Is Sandra ready yet?!
Moltar: Well, um... no.
Space Ghost: Plan B! Take some calls! (phone rings, he answers) Welcome to my shoe, caller, what would you like to talk to me about?
Caller 1: Actually, I wanted to ask Mr. Mills what he thinks of Tim Allen.
Palmer Mills: Tim Allen... let's see, he doesn't, he doesn't have a store in our, our town.
Audience: (laughter)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Hey! I do the jokes here! Next caller! Hello? You're on the air with Space Ghost!
Caller 2: (actually Lokar) Hello? Hello?
Space Ghost: (recognizing that it's Lokar) Okay, I see how it is.
Caller 2: Uh, hello, Mr. Mills? What would you suggest using for eradicating giant mantises?
Zorak: What! Is that you, Lokar?
Palmer Mills: Sevin dust. Malathion. Either one of those would be great for it.
Space Ghost: Hmmm! Sevin dust in metal can. I'll have to remember that. Hey, you know something, Joe? That reminds me, maybe I should come to your store. I need to replace my... Orgone... Zargon... Zargonite...
Zorak: (laughs)
Palmer Mills: Zorgonute Branch.
Space Ghost: I know how to say it, earthling! I am a talk show host, y'know. I know how to say things! I can say lots of things! Tuna fish! Parentheses! Coochie-coochie girl Charo! Zingnut Ranch!
Palmer Mills: Zorgonute Branch.
Space Ghost: That cuts it, Hardware Boy! No skinny pink boy's gonna tell me how to say things on my show! Moltar! Get him off!
Audience: (boos)
Zorak: Sheesh! What a jerk!
Space Ghost: Everyone be quiet or I'll clear the room! Moltar! Sandra Bernhard, now!
Moltar: She went out for... knishes.
Space Ghost: (pause) Okay, okay, I think we should take a break. Now, let's go to break.
Brak: (appears on monitor) Hail, Brak!
Moltar: Hail, Brak!
Audience: Hail, Brak!
Space Ghost: Not Brak, break! Break!
Audience: Hail Brak! Hail Brak! Hail Brak! ...
Space Ghost: (sighs) I'm an unhappy space man...
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Moltar: (in control room) Sorry about SG, man, he's, he's bein' a real jerk today.
Palmer Mills: I was a little bit blundersome on some of them, wasn't I?
Moltar: Oh, no, no, you were great, you were great. Are we still on for going fishin'? Is this weekend good for you?
Palmer Mills: Any time, any time.
Audience: (applause)
Space Ghost: Zorak! I'm warning you!
Zorak: (makes raspberry sound)
Moltar: Ix-nay, Ost-ghay.
Space Ghost: Oh, hi! Heh heh, we're back to the show, where any day now my guest will be the lovely Sandra Bernhard. In the meantime, let's take some more calls, from you, the viewers. Hello, you're on the air.
Caller 3: Hello, can I, can I speak to Mr. Mills?
Space Ghost: Sorry, he's off the show. Next!
Caller 4: Uh, yes, I have a question for Miss Bernhard.
Space Ghost: Sorry, she's not in yet. Do you have a question or comment for me?
Caller 4: (hangs up, off-hook busy signal)
Space Ghost: (sullen) Doesn't anyone want to speak to me? I'm the host... (angry) Next caller!
Caller 5: (sexy female voice) Hello, Zorak?
Zorak: Yes?
Caller 5: Play "Misty" for me.
Zorak: Aaaagghhhh!
Space Ghost: Next caller!
Caller 6: Is your refrigerator running?
Space Ghost: What a stupid question! Of course it is!
Caller 6: Better go catch it!
Audience: (laughter)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I don't get it. What's so darn funny?
Zorak: What a jerk!
Space Ghost: Hello!
Caller 7: Paging Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: You! Haven't I told you never to call me here? Moltar! Hang up!
Moltar: (throws switch)
Space Ghost: Next caller.
Caller 8: (actually Jan and Jace) (off-hook busy signal) Jerk!
Space Ghost: Next call!
Caller 9: Hello? Mr. Tad Ghostal?
Space Ghost: Heh! It's for me! Yes, Citizen?
Caller 9: Mr. Ghostal, I'm calling about your long distance service.
Space Ghost: Ack! Not interested!
Caller 9: If I could just have a moment of your time...
Space Ghost: Blow off, wage slave.
Caller 9: (shocked) Jerk! (slams receiver)
Zorak: Why are you such a jerk tonight, Space Ghost? Is it the loneliness?
Space Ghost: Well...
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: Hey! I'm not lonely! And I'm not a jerk!
Zorak: Yes, yes! You're the loneliest jerkiest jerk! You're King Jerk!
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Audience: (laughter throughout)
Zorak: Lord Jerk! Emperor Jerk! Pope of the Jerks!!
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Jerk-meister, jerk-arino, jerk-enstein, jerk-o, beef-jerky, jerky beefaghetti boy, jerk-a-mundo!
Space Ghost: Zorak, I am rubber, Zorak, and you are glue!
Zorak: Only the Grand King Jerk would say that!
Space Ghost: (phone rings) Moltar! The phone!
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: (still laughing) What?
Space Ghost: The phone!
Moltar: Oh, yeah, can you get that?
Space Ghost: Oh, okay (answers the phone) Hello? (no response) Hello!
Chad Ghostal: Hello, Tad!
Space Ghost: That, that voice!
Chad Ghostal: Do you know who this is, Taddy-kins?
Space Ghost: Good Lord! I know that voice! But it can't be! You're...
Chad Ghostal: In the asylum? Oh no, Taddy boy, not anymore! I escaped last night!
Space Ghost: Eh, uh, now look, Chad...
Zorak: Chad? Who's Chad?
Space Ghost: Ohhh, just evil, pure and simple, that's all. Let's not discuss it.
Zorak: Evil Chad?
Space Ghost: No, he's my... (dramatic sting music) evil twin!
Zorak: Evil twin?
Space Ghost: Yes, my evil twin! Chad Ghostal! Doesn't everyone have an evil twin?
Moltar: No.
Zorak: Not me, brother.
Palmer Mills: No, no, no.
Space Ghost: (pause) Ah, we walk alike, we talk alike...
Zorak: What a crazy pair!
Space Ghost: Then, one day, a hot dog made him lose control.
Chad Ghostal: (still on phone) Tad, do you remember when we were young, how I would make you cry. The ropes, Tad, remember the ropes? How I'd twist them and twist them, and keep twisting them until...
Space Ghost: (nervous laughter) Can't talk now, Chad, got a talk show to do, you know. (invisos out)
Chad Ghostal: Wait for me, Tad, wait for me, I'll be right over! (evil laugh) (hangs up, off-hook busy signal)
Zorak: (long pause while everyone looks in shock at the empty studio) Uh, Space Ghost,
Space Ghost: (still inviso'ed out) Uh, yeah?
Zorak: Is your evil twin a jerk too?
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: (invisos back in) I've had it with you, Mr. Funny Bug! You don't want me to win any awards, do you, Mr. Funny Bug?
Zorak: "Mr. Funny Bug"?
Audience: (in unison) "Mr. Funny Bug"?
Sandra Bernhard: (now on screen) (laughs) (exchanges stares with Zorak)
Space Ghost: Sandra, can't you see I'm in the middle of something?
Sandra Bernhard: (stares at Zorak)
Space Ghost: (pause) Sandra! Moltar, why didn't you tell me she was ready? Uh, hello, Citizen Sandra! It's about time. I mean, welcome to the show!
Audience: (applause)
Sandra Bernhard: Wow!
Zorak: Hey Sandra, what do you call Space Ghost drinking a root beer?
Sandra Bernhard: Um...
Zorak: A soda jerk!
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: Hey! I want a big laugh like Zorak! Moltar, get me a big laugh!
Moltar: (throws switch, a really feeble single voice laugh comes out)
Space Ghost: That's a big laugh? Eh, heh, uh, Sandra, tell me about your super-powers.
Sandra Bernhard: My super-power?
Space Ghost: Yes, yes, your super-powers!
Sandra Bernhard: I can psychically read every thought inside of your mind right now, if you have any... wait, I have to take a moment to see if you're actually thinking.
Space Ghost: (closes his eyes and thinks) (Need food, I'd love some tacos, mmmmm, chicken tacos! Refried beans!)
Sandra Bernhard: Love some tacos, chicken tacos, refried beans... And a chimichanga!
Space Ghost: Aaaaah! She's scanning me!
Sandra Bernhard: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Sandra, stop that! Get out of my mind! You're freaking me out!
Sandra Bernhard: I'm the kind of girl you don't bring home to mother. Understand?
Zorak: She's alright!
Moltar: She is alright!
Zorak: That girl's al-l-l-right! She's real people!
Space Ghost: Ehhhh, yeah.
Sandra Bernhard: That's one of my super-powers.
Space Ghost: Ahem! Let's take a call for Sandra. Hi, you're on the air!
Caller 10: (heavy breathing) Sandra, can you tell what I'm thinking?
Sandra Bernhard: Oh, I know what you're thinking, I can't talk about it on the Cartoon Network.
Space Ghost: Let's have some serious calls, please! Next caller! Hello?
Caller 11: (actually Brak) Do you have Prince Albert in a can?
Sandra Bernhard: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Don't encourage them, Sandra! Next caller! We're speaking with Sandra Bernhard!
Caller 12: Um, yeah, what's, uh, what's on after this? I, I lost my TV Guide.
Space Ghost: Next caller!
Caller 13: (female voice) Yeah, can I see your muscles?
Space Ghost: Why, of course! Admire my wonderful...
Caller 13: Not yours, hers, you jerk!
Space Ghost: Oh.
Sandra Bernhard: (rolls up sleeve) Okay, well, I'm not going to show you all of them, but I will show you this one. (flexes bicep) Not bad, huh?
Space Ghost: (sarcastically) Yeah, great, Sandra. Next!
Zorak: Jerk!
Caller 14: Mr. Tad Ghostal? This is Herb Mosh of the IRS...
Space Ghost: Moltar! Next call!
Caller 14: Hello? (feedback increases)
Space Ghost: Caller, turn down your set!
Caller 14: Hello-o-o?
Space Ghost: What's wrong with you people? Next caller, now!
Caller 15: The tingler, the tingler is loose in the theatre, scream, scream for your lives!
Zorak: (screams)
Moltar: (screams)
Audience: (all scream)
Space Ghost: (screams)
Sandra Bernhard: Wow!
Space Ghost: Everyone all right?
Zorak: Yeah, I think so.
Space Ghost: Sandra, years from now, when you talk about this, and you will, ple-e-ease, be kind!
Salesman: (appears on monitor) Oh, there we are... (zaps off again)
Brak: (appears on monitor) All hail Brak!
Space Ghost: All right! That's it! I've had it! Moltar! Stop the tape!
Brak: Waaaahhh! You hurt Brak's feelings!
Space Ghost: This isn't a talk show, it's a freak show! Get out! Get out, all of you! The show's over! Out with you!
Audience: (booing and grumbling)
Zorak: Good luck getting an award for this one, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: I don't care! I don't need any awards! I don't need any of you! I'm Space Ghost, the rest of you are all cogs, extras, faces in the crowd, 9-to-5 nobodies! You're all cannon fodder, you hear? You're the guys in red shirts on "Star Trek". Get out! (sound of everyone leaving the studio) Well, I sure blew it. I'll never get any awards after this fiasco! Never never never! It's so unfair! I feel like such a jerk! (pause) Why, it sure is creepy in here, with no one around. (pause) Hey! If I'm all alone here... then who's behind the camera?
Chad Ghostal: Hello there... Tad! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: (gasps)
(Credits roll)
Zorak: She's alright!
Moltar: She is alright!

GUEST STARSSandra BernhardB. Palmer Mills
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerBrad AbelleAndy MerrillTracy RowlandPat PiperBill WilnerKeith CroffordJohanna StolzKhaki JonesBarry MillsMickey DubrowChip Duffey
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaButterbeanBarry MillsMichael CahillMark Mooney
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 18 - "Urges"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:18
Title:Urges
Original Air Date:October 19, 1995
Guest Stars:Matthew Sweet, Catherine Bach

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Zorak: (sitting in Space Ghost's chair, watching monitor; subtitles: LIVE FEED: MANTIS MATING SEASON) Oh, get a load of that one! She's sublime! Those twitchy eyes, those powerful forelimbs!
Moltar: (sighs) Every seven years, it's the same thing. Mantis mating season.
Zorak: Oh, wait, that one's even cuter! Lovely pincers!
Moltar: Look, Zorak, the show's about to start. I've gotta switch the feed.
Zorak: No! Don't! I think I just spotted the girl of my dreams.
Moltar: Which girl?
Zorak: That girl! (zooms in on monitor, to Marlo Thomas mantis look-alike)
(Opening theme music, from "That Girl", & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, citizens! Oops! (invisos out; zipper sound) Ah, better. (invisos back in)
Moltar: Eh, it's gonna be one of those shows... I think instead, I'll watch the Lava Network. (switches monitor to molten lava scene) Oooooh!
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost, welcome to the show! Today's guests include...
Zorak: Uh, show's over! G'night! G'night everybody! (band starts playing closing theme)
Moltar: (still watching lava show) Mmmm, make sweet love to me... What? Closing credit music? Yikes! (throws switch, starts closing credits)
Space Ghost: Wow, hold it! What is goin' on? Stop those credits! Moltar!
Moltar: (stops closing credits) Sorry, SG, I... thought the show was over.
Zorak: It is.
Space Ghost: Nonsense! I had just started.
Zorak: No, you finished.
Space Ghost: I did?
Zorak: Yes!
Space Ghost: Uh, um... who was on the show?
Zorak: It's right here. (opens "TV Today" magazine and reads) "Tonight the interplanetary talk show host interviewed TV star Catherine Bach and singer-songwriter Matthew Sweet."
Space Ghost: (to himself) (Hmmm, I can't remember, did I do the show or not?) What did Catherine Bach have to say?
Zorak: Oh, she told a very amusing anecdote about... a bowling trophy!
Space Ghost: Is that right, Moltar?
Moltar: Uh, I think so.
Space Ghost: And how about Matthew Sweet? What did he have to say?
Zorak: (pause) Nothin'.
Space Ghost: Nothing? I find that hard to believe.
Zorak: Oh, wait, you're right! He did say something.
Space Ghost: (with "tingle tingle tingle" voice in background) (Hmmm, my super-power senses are tingling. What are they trying to tell me? Is it time to switch mouth wash? Stock up on string cheese? Start wearing a derby.) I've got it! Zorak's lying! No more fibs! What's going on?
Zorak: Aaaaggghh! Mating season on my planet started twenty minutes ago! I must go!
Space Ghost: To get butter and cheese?
Zorak: I feel... the urge!
Space Ghost: Typical musician! Look, we have a show to do, and you can't leave 'til it's over.
Zorak: But...
Space Ghost: Put a lid on it, Zorak, or whatever you do. You'll just have to wait fifteen minutes before you go spread your evil seed. Now, I want to talk to Catherine Bach and ask her about that bowling trophy. (screen lowers with Catherine on it)
Zorak: (starts gibbering)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Catherine, and welcome to the show.
Catherine Bach: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Tell me, Catherine, do you have a bowling trophy?
Catherine Bach: Yes I do.
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: That was a good anecdote.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: I'm getting splotchy.
Space Ghost: As we all know, you originated the role of Daisy on "The Dukes of Hazzard," and I think we all want to know, what two words would you use to describe Boss Hogg?
Catherine Bach: Monkey gland, uh, sauce?
Space Ghost: Uh, two words, please!
Catherine Bach: So delicate and perfect.
Space Ghost: You could tell! And how did they treat you on that show? Would they give you a whole meal, or just one course?
Catherine Bach: "The Dukes of Hazzard" gave me the entree...
Space Ghost: But no dessert? Hmmm, sounds kind of cheap. Now, your new TV series takes you to a new continent. Tell me, how is Africa different from the States?
Catherine Bach: There's no Sigfried and Roy in, um, in South Africa.
Space Ghost: What! I didn't know that. Moltar! Get my investment advisor on the phone. Divest all interest in South Africa immediately! (low voice) Uh, those views were mine, and do not necessarily reflect the station or its owners. (normal voice) Quick, Catherine, cover for me! Tell a story about the black rhino!
Catherine Bach: First of all, the black rhino does not breed in captivity.
Zorak: Nor do I!
Catherine Bach: They are now taking the black rhino and trying to impregnate the, the white rhino, the female white rhino... (switches getting thrown?)
Zorak: Go on.
Space Ghost: Would you please keep your mind on the music!
Zorak: I can't! It's mating season!
Space Ghost: So what's the big deal? Unless... Zorak! (chuckles) Is it your first time?
Zorak: Don't be ridiculous! I've mated, uh, plenty of times!
Moltar: Wait a minute, that can't be true!
Zorak: And why not?
Moltar: 'Cause your head's still attached to your body!
Catherine Bach: (moving hands in front of mouse) Whhhoooosh!
Moltar: (crude mantis head graphic appears on control room monitor) See, in the mantis marital act, the female typically eats the head and brain of the male. (pieces of head disappear one by one)
Zorak: You're kidding!
Moltar: You didn't know that?
Zorak: That's not what my mother told me!
Catherine Bach: (laughs)
Zorak: It's not funny!
Catherine Bach: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Catherine, I'll have to ask you to please stop laughing.
Catherine Bach: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I'm serious!
Catherine Bach: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I warned you. (zaps her off monitor) Okay, Zorak, she's gone. And you know what I was thinking? If you want to go mate, I shouldn't stop you. It's every space creature's inalienable right to know love and be loved and have love and share love and know love and... did I say that one already?
Zorak: I'm not so sure I want to be loved anymore!
Space Ghost: What, are you afraid of commitment?
Zorak: Hey, look, there's Matthew Sweet! (Matthew appears on monitor)
Matthew Sweet: ... the teen tycoon of rock, from beyond the valley of the dolls.
Space Ghost: Eh, tell me, Matt, uh, how.. do.. your pants, uh, stay up?
Matthew Sweet: I just concentrate very hard, it's built into my brain. Like, I don't even need a belt for that.
Space Ghost: Very good! Here's a riddle... What would you eat with a bio-dip?
Matthew Sweet: A bio-chip.
Space Ghost: You're sharp! I bet you're pretty powerful, too!
Zorak: (starts makes gibbering noises, which continue in background)
Space Ghost: You know, I can use my power bands to bring the Atlantic Ocean to a boiling point in five seconds! Can you point a finger and heat something up?
Matthew Sweet: If you, if you mean like baking a potato or boiling an egg, I might be okay. (laughs)
Space Ghost: I thought so. Keep working at it, you have the makings of a super-hero! Perhaps I might could give you some tips.
Zorak: (still gibbering, then stops) I can't hold it! I must go to my home planet! I want lo-o-o-ve!
Moltar: But the consequences...
Zorak: (starts gibbering again)
Moltar: Yeah, go on...
Space Ghost: Matthew, what do you think? Should Zorak go home to mate?
Matthew Sweet: Uh, have a good time, all the time.
Space Ghost: Even if it means certain death?
Matthew Sweet: Why not?
Zorak: That settles it! I'm off, and I'm taking the Phantom Cruiser!
Space Ghost: All right, but in the event you lose your head, call a cab. Oh, and, uh, there's a Gino Vanelli tape in the glove compartment.
Zorak: (boing!) (bounds off stage and into Phantom Cruiser & takes off, burning rubber sounds) Yee-hoo!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (belches, then notices camera is on; his face turns red) Heh heh, dear me! Uh, a thousand pardons, friends... Zorak's music normally covers that.
Moltar: It's all because you sneak bites from a pork chop sandwich during station breaks.
Space Ghost: (with mouth full of food) I don't know what you're talking about!
Moltar: It's a disgusting habit!
Space Ghost: Come on, lots of people are doing it! Matthew Sweet, you're a man of the world, have you ever had a big, sloppy pork chop sandwich?
Matthew Sweet: Yeah, it wasn't too good, we had to cancel some shows. Needless to say, I haven't done it since then.
Space Ghost: Aw, you're no help! (Eh, what was I talking about?) That's right, no music! Well, we can't have that, so I will provide it.
Matthew Sweet: Oh, really?
Space Ghost: You bet! Steve Allen played the piano, Arthur Godfrey played the ukulele, and I, Space Ghost, play... the blues harp! Can't really do it unless someone's telling a sad story! Tell a sad story!
Matthew Sweet: Uh, well, I... what happens is, I'll drink...
Space Ghost: Perfect, keep going. (starts playing)
Matthew Sweet: I get really thirsty on stage, y'know, and I don't feel it or anything, 'cause I just have a couple of beers, you know...
Space Ghost: Yeah, yeah... (keeps playing)
Matthew Sweet: ... but when they're empty, I keep going back and picking up an empty bottle, over and over again, it makes me really frustrated...
Space Ghost: Sadder, make it sadder! (keeps playing)
Matthew Sweet: ... so I got in the habit of knocking them off the back of the amplifier, 'cause they would never break.
Space Ghost: Testify!
Matthew Sweet: Uh...
Space Ghost: Go on with your bad self!
Matthew Sweet: Like, a beer bottle's pretty sturdy.
Space Ghost: (in blues voice) A beer bottle's, pretty sturday!
Matthew Sweet: But anyhow, uh, so I would knock them off the back, and one night, uh, I knocked one off, and I guess it must have exploded or something, 'cause I was playing the last song, and my hands felt all sticky, and I looked down, and there was blood everywhere.
Space Ghost: (finishes playing) We should take this show on the road! Play the House of Blues!
Moltar: Here's where he mentions Dan Ackroyd.
Space Ghost: Hey, I know Dan Ackroyd! I know Dan Ackroyd! Matthew, can I ask you a favor?
Matthew Sweet: Alright.
Space Ghost: Would you mind holding your breath while I ask Moltar a non-show-related question?
Matthew Sweet: (takes a deep breath and holds it)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's going on with Zorak?
Moltar: My readings show he's landed on his home planet, and is zeroing in on his target.
Zorak: (talking to female mantis) If I said you had a beautiful exoskeleton, would you hold it against me?
Female Mantis 1: (giggles)
Space Ghost: Stru-u-uck o-u-t! You know, Moltar, I never realized how scrawny Zorak was compared to the others!
Moltar: Yeah, his steady diet of evil has taken its toll. Ultimately the internal manifested self and the external...
Space Ghost: Um, yeah. (I wish I had the slightest idea what Moltar was talking about.)
Moltar: Uh, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: You should check on Matthew. I think we're about to lose him. (Matthew's face is purple on monitor, still holding his breath)
Space Ghost: Silly me! (laughs) Matthew, you can stop now! (Matthew starts breathing again, his face returns to normal) You know, Matthew, just because somebody tells you to do something, doesn't mean you should always do it.
Matthew Sweet: Really?
Space Ghost: Do you think, in the future, you should try to be more careful?
Matthew Sweet: Yeah, a little more careful.
Moltar: Space Ghost, you better check this out. There's activity on Zorak's home planet. (monitor shows Zorak and second female mantis, a Marlo Thomas look-alike)
Female Mantis 2: (blink!)
Zorak: (blink!)
Female Mantis 2: (blink! blink!)
Zorak: (blink! blink!)
Female Mantis 2: (blink! blink! blink!)
Zorak: (blink! blink! blink! blink!)
Female Mantis 2: (blink! blink! blink! blink! blink! blink!)
Zorak: (blink! blink! blink! blink! blink! blink!)
(Both of them start blinking like mad; finally they stop)
Space Ghost: Looks like Zorak's made a love connection! (romantic music swells)
(Zorak and female mantis each have thought balloons; Zorak's is full of hearts, female mantis's shows her biting off Zorak's head)
Zorak: Do you like walks in the rain?
Female Mantis 2: Oh, yes!
Zorak: And Elizabeth Barrett Browning's sonnets from the Portuguese?
Female Mantis 2: How did you know?
Zorak: I know things about you.
Female Mantis 2: You're the most exciting mantis I've ever met!
Zorak: I want to spend the rest of my life with you!
Female Mantis 2: And so you shall!
Space Ghost: Zorak going to his home planet was a great idea! Love has transformed him. When he comes back, he'll be a new bug!
Moltar: I don't think he'll be coming back.
Space Ghost: Why not?
Moltar: I explained it all earlier in the show. Don't you remember?
Space Ghost: Of course I remember! (pause) I have to go to the little ghost's room. (flies off to room with console) (Note to myself: got to use my memory.) (rewinds through video tape of show, back to Moltar's original explanation)
Moltar: (on tape) ...the female typically eats the head and brain of the male... (rewinds) the male... (rewinds) the head...
Space Ghost: (stops tape) Dear Lord! That's right! (flies back to desk) Sorry, Matthew, our time is up. There's a crisis, and you've got to understand, I'm a super-hero first, and a talk show host second!
Matthew Sweet: We can be invisible together.
Space Ghost: Nice try, but I was saving galaxies while you were still reading along with the lyrics of the Three Dog Night "Harmony" album. I think I can handle this one alone! Goodbye! (zaps Matthew off monitor) Moltar, it's time for action! We must get Zorak out of there!
Moltar: Well, what can we do? Nature must run its course. Plus, he took the Phantom Cruiser.
Space Ghost: But, this means certain death for Zorak!
Moltar: I know. Uh, can I have his dressing room?
Space Ghost: How can you think of dressing rooms at a time like this? (choir music swells) A time of great sadness. Oh, Zorak, we hardly knew ye! Yes, you were pure evil, but I learned to see the good in that. I'll miss you, my little friend who used to try and kill me. But, rest assured, you will not be forgotten! I'll always remember that vile, near-poisonous gas you would emit when you were happy. And I'll never forget lunching with you in the commissary, watching you eat ten raw chickens and drink toner from the copy machine. You loved that toner. I know! We'll have a parade! (music changes to marching band music) We'll declare a national holiday on the Ghost Planet! With wonderful floats and big balloons, and we'll all drink fizzy lemonade, and eat Neapolitan ice cream! We'll celebrate the moments of your life, Zorak! You shall not have died in vain!
Zorak: (walks across stage and returns to bandstand)
Space Ghost: A ghost!
Zorak: Idiot!
Moltar: Zorak? Is that really you?
Zorak: Yes!
Space Ghost: He's back!
Moltar: Darn! I wanted that Neapolitan ice cream.
Space Ghost: What happened on your home planet?
Zorak: I don't wanna talk about it.
Moltar: But you couldn't have mated. We can see your head's still attached to your body!
Zorak: I said, I don't want to talk about it!
Space Ghost: We're all co-workers here, there's nothing you couldn't open up and tell us! Couldn't close the deal, could you?
Zorak: That wasn't the problem!
Moltar: Then what was? I mean, we saw you leave with that lady mantis.
Zorak: That lady mantis... wasn't really a lady.
Space Ghost: Not really a lady? Huh? Then she must have been... Wait! You were digging on a dude?
Zorak: It's not what you think. Carl is part of a male mantis resistance movement that intercedes at the moment when the urge is the worst. He lured me back to his nest, where we ate barbecue and talked sports until the urge had passed. He... saved my life, and for that, I will always be grateful.
Space Ghost: What a remarkable story! I wonder who owns the movie rights.
Zorak: Ted Turner.
Space Ghost: Oh well, never mind. We're just glad to have you back!
Zorak: And, I'm glad to be back. You know why? Because now, I can continue to plot my revenge against you, Space Ghost, and make every moment of your life a living heck! (evil laugh)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
(Shots of other cartoon characters laughing: Jonny Quest, Hadji, Bandit, Muttly, giant creature from "Herculoids")
(Credits roll, with "That Girl" music & Marlo Thomas mantis kite)
Zorak: It's not funny!
Space Ghost: (laughs)

GUEST STARSCatherine BachMatthew Sweet
WRITERSNell ScovellJoel Hodgson
EDITORSJon Schnepp(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldDave Willis
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerJon Schnepp
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaButterbeanMichael CahillStuart ShakleeChip Duffey
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1995 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 19 - "Explode"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:19
Title:Explode
Original Air Date:February 1, 1996
Guest Stars:Terry Jones, Glen Phillips

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the control room)
Lokar: My guests will be strictly A-list. Buckley, Sununu, Powell, Hasselhoff...
Moltar: Hmmm...
Lokar: None of the hoi polloi you get here.
Moltar: Mmm hmmm...
Lokar: I call this show "Insects Aside". We'll sound off on any number of galactic conundrums whilst gorging ourselves on mantis larvae hors d'oeuvres.
Moltar: It sounds... glorious.
Lokar: So what say you? Do I have my direc-tor?
Moltar: Eh, I wanna guest host. (pulls lever to start up show)
Lokar: Oh, well, eh, I'm afraid we don't have enough chairs.
Moltar: Eh, how about good dental?
Lokar: Done and done, my good man.
Moltar: Aaaand... fifty-two weeks vacation?
Lokar: R-r-right, then!
(Space Ghost and Zorak start bickering on a little window on the corner of Moltar's screen)
Moltar: Yeah, that's a, that's a good one. Oh, and, uhhhh, a nice, sharp cheddar cheese.
Lokar: Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... we're cancelling you.
(In the studio, Space Ghost and Zorak are shooting at each other)
Space Ghost: Aaaahhh!! (gets blasted)
Terry Jones: Can we, can we get some royalties on those quotes?
(In the control room)
Moltar: Soooo... what happens to the Ghost?
Lokar: He can replace you with that impetuous younger brother of his.
Moltar: You mean... Speed Racer?
(In the studio)
Terry Jones: Oh! Uh.. me neither, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: I dare you ma- (gets hit again) Aaaaahhh!!
Terry Jones: Uh huh, yes.
Space Ghost: Just let me get situated here. (fires at and crisps Zorak)
Terry Jones: You ready?
Space Ghost: Uh huh. You okay there?
Terry Jones: Oh, I'm all right, you ready?
Space Ghost: Sure.
Terry Jones: Ni! ... I got you! Got you!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Oh God, where am I gonna find the money for my house- (gets shot again) Aaahh!!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set, exhales) Greetings! (coughs) Welcome to my show! (coughs) On tonight's show, we have former Monty Pythonite Terry Jones. (coughs)
Zorak: Stupid git.
Space Ghost: As well as Glen Phillips of "Toad the Wet Sprocket". And now for someone completely indifferent.
(Space Ghost and Zorak stare at each other, with no response)
Space Ghost: (laughs) You slur me and I'll put you in the trunk of my car.
(Space Ghost and Zorak stare at each other some more)
(Christy plays Space Ghost to the desk with his drums)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! It's fun time, America! Put the cares of the day behind you, it's time for fun! Please welcome my first guest, Terry Jones!
(Monitor lowers from ceiling with Terry)
Terry Jones: Hi, Space Ghost, nice to be here.
Space Ghost: Jones, Jones, Jones... French, is it?
Terry Jones: Well, you could say that, and here I am!
Space Ghost: And I did, my little limey friend. Have you been to that place in France where well, er, eh, well, you know... (blushes) the girls, uhhmm.. (chuckles), apparently they...
Terry Jones: (smirking) Mmmmmmmm?
Space Ghost: (in a low voice) Undress. (Terry Jones looks shocked) Naked. Naked girls.
Terry Jones: Well, we have, Space Ghost-
Space Ghost: Ooo, wow!
Terry Jones: -now it's your turn.
Space Ghost: To undress?
Terry Jones: I'm afraid so, yes.
Zorak: Ohhhhh, la vache..
Space Ghost: You're speaking another language.
Terry Jones: Ooh! I just lost you, Space Ghost, I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Terry, answer me these questions three.
Terry Jones: (reaching towards back of neck) Hang on.
Space Ghost: Terry, answer me these questions three.
(Someone fixes Terry's microphone)
Space Ghost: Maybe it was somebody walking by, you never know.
Terry Jones: Oh, I've got you Space Ghost, yes, sorry about that, ohhh...
Space Ghost: Terry, answer me these questions three.
Terry Jones: They were three, three in a row, there.
Space Ghost: Uh, right. What is your secret identity?
Terry Jones: Tongueman! Yes, I-
Space Ghost: Tongueman, what is your quest?
Terry Jones: To tell you about Lady Covington's pressed fairy book. Because it's really one of the most remarkable finds this century, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Now, Tongueman, because it's really one of the most remarkable finds of the century, who was the composer of the Warsaw Piano Concerto?
Terry Jones: Ahhhh. I'm glad you asked that question, Space Ghost. Now, I had to play the Warsaw Piano Concerto, while escaping from seven padlocks and a, and a sack.
Space Ghost: Right. Who was the composer of the Warsaw Piano Concerto?
Terry Jones: Well...
(In the control room)
Lokar: Stanislaus Richter, clown.
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: Need some time to think about this?
Terry Jones: Well...
Space Ghost: Now?
Terry Jones: Eddie George, the governor of the Bank of England.
Space Ghost: Eddie George, uh, I think so, probably.
(Zorak and Space Ghost stare at each other)
Space Ghost: Eddie George? Boys, is it just me, I mean I, I don't want to force anybody's hand here, but, uh...
(Zorak and Space Ghost continue to stare at each other)
Space Ghost: ... I'm beefy, aren't I?
(Everyone continues staring. Terry finally nods)
Space Ghost: I am beefy tonight. Most beefy indeed. (long pause) Earlier, you mentioned Lady Covington's pressed fairy book. Any monkeys in that?
Terry Jones: There are some monkeys in this.
Space Ghost: Are they cute monkeys, or... scary monkeys?
Terry Jones: Mmmm..
Space Ghost: Y'know, Terry, the muscle ratio in cute monkeys is seven to one.
Terry Jones: Ah hah.
Space Ghost: But you wouldn't know it from looking at them... Would you?
Terry Jones: (laughs) No.
(Uncomfortable pause)
Space Ghost: (low voice) In scary monkeys, it's nine to one.
Terry Jones: How about that! Hoo! (long pause) Nearly as interesting as my history of the Crusades! (holds up & plugs his book)
Space Ghost: Ya done?
(In the control room)
Lokar: Yes yes yes, the corner office, the parking space, the cheese tray, I believe it's all covered in the contract.
Moltar: Okay...
Lokar: Now then, do we have a deal?
Moltar: Ihh, not so fast. I need to send the contract to my agent.
Lokar: Agent? Who is your agent?
Moltar: The funny "Ultra 7" guy.
Lokar: The funny "Ultra 7" guy?! Ohhh, I love the funny "Ultra 7" guy! Kiss him for me!
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: What superpowers do you have?
Terry Jones: Well, there's only one, but I can't tell you about it.
Space Ghost: You can tell me.
Terry Jones: Oh, it's, no, it's, it's a bit rude.
Space Ghost: (laughs) You can tell me.
Terry Jones: No no no no, Space Ghost, it's very rude.
Space Ghost: You can tell me!
Terry Jones: Nnnnn.. no, no.
Space Ghost: I command you to tell me!
Terry Jones: I can touch every part of my body with my tongue.
Space Ghost: (stunned silence)
Zorak: Beeeeueuuuuuurrrrrrrpppppp!
Terry Jones: Stop there, villain! (lashes out tongue at Zorak) Mmmmmm!
Space Ghost: Well, you must have impeccable taste! (laughs)
Terry Jones: And, and a way with women, I believe.
Space Ghost: What do you mean?
Terry Jones: (raises eyebrows)
Space Ghost: Oh, uh, I see. Did you Monty Python men ever get really angry when you found out Benny Hill was getting all the girls?
Terry Jones: (mincing) Oh, we was livid! Oh, we used to stamp our little feet! Oh, you should've seen us!
Space Ghost: (imitating Terry) We was livid! we used to stamp our little feet!
Terry Jones: We never got any chicks, I have to say, you know. Well, except, you know, except, except our wives, of course.
Space Ghost: Okay, so if Benny Hill got the girls, and your wives got the chicks, what did you guys get?
Terry Jones: Oh, we got the queen, so we must be better off than everybody else.
Zorak: Eh, Fergie!
Space Ghost: And the other two, what's their name?
Terry Jones: Charles and Di?!
Space Ghost: Ummmm... no, no no no, there's, there's the other guy, there's the guy with, with the, the sandwich, and then there's the lady, uh, Mrs. Thing, whatever, with the, with the hat, and the, the dogs-
Terry Jones: (laughs)
Space Ghost: You know, there's, uh, what's her name, uh, Queen Labyrinth of, uhh, Scottdale, or whatever, and-
Terry Jones: Ho, no, no.
Space Ghost: And there's, there's Lord, Lord Fishtoe of, of, you know, the, the royal guy!
Terry Jones: Heh, no, no, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: You know, the.. ihh, you know, the one I'm talking about, the one with, he's got the tie, and the, the nose...
Zorak: Freddie Mercury!
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Right, right now. C'mon. In here..
Terry Jones: Well, I think it looks like they're not getting on together, you know, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: No, no no no no no, they're quite happy!
Zorak: Mamma mia, mamma mia, mamma mia let me go-
Space Ghost: (French accent) Have you ever met the Royal family?
Terry Jones: (old lady's voice) Ehhhmm, no, I never have, jove, I've never met 'er. I've never met a member of the Royal fam- Oh, I did go to a Royal, uh, garden party once. Heh! Queen's garden party, Buckingham Palace, I went to it, yes-
Zorak: Did they serve egg and bacon, egg sausage and bacon, egg and spam, egg bacon and spam, egg bacon sausage and spam-
Space Ghost: Spam, spam, spam, spam-
Terry Jones: Ahhh! spam, lovely spam, ohhhh lovely spam-
Zorak: Spam, spam, beef and spam-
(In the control room)
Moltar: Spam, spam, spam, spam-
Lokar: Oh, yes, I see how difficult it would be to leave all this behind.
Moltar: Spam, spam, spam..
(In the studio)
Terry Jones: I always thought it ought to have a little bit more verse to it than that. I mean, that's all there is, really.
Space Ghost: (singing) "If I could save spam in a bottle..." (thunderous applause) Thank you! "Start spreading the spam..." Yeah! "Take the last train to Spamville..." "The sun'll come out..." (makes melody by making rude noises with his hand) Thank you!
Terry Jones: Ahh! That sounds more interesting!
Space Ghost: It's not more interesting, Tongueman. It's brilliant. Brilliant!
Zorak: Brilliant!
Space Ghost: (singing) "Incense, peppermints, a big can of spam-"
Zorak: Brilliant!
Space Ghost: "Made with hog's snouts, it's not ham-"
(In the control room)
Ultra 7 Guy: Well, hunky dory down to clause B-17, additional duties. According to this, my client is responsible for heating your personal swimming pool, entombing Hollywood and all of its citizenry in molten lava, and promoting your show during shopping mall appearances with cast members of "The Real World"!
Lokar: I believe it's all standard, lover. I'm sorry, Moltar, regr-r-rettably I must depart. Can't keep the "House of Style" people waiting, you know. I'll r-r-return in a jiffy! Do try to have an answer for me. Kiss kiss, lover. (breaks connection)
Moltar: No Puck. Forget that guy.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: (British accent) Hello.
Zorak: (stares back)
Space Ghost: (normal voice) It's just the way I talk, I'm sorry. (to audience) We're back here at the Ghost Planet talking with Terry Jones! Terry, who is your favorite cartoon character? (looks at camera, his smile sparkles)
Terry Jones: Well, apart from you, I think it's probably Space Ghost, I think.
Space Ghost: Hey, good answer! You know, that little toad Maris called me a dumb cartoon character.
Terry Jones: Space Ghost, don't think of yourself like that, Space Ghost, please don't think of yourself like that! Look on the bright side, you're not a dumb cartoon, you're, you're articulate, you're, you're very, very cartoony, and... and very animated!
Space Ghost: Very masculine.
Terry Jones: As a cartoon character, you're... you're it, as far as I'm concerned.
Space Ghost: That's right. I'm it.
Terry Jones: Can I, can I lick you... Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: You can lick me anytime, Tongueman.
Terry Jones: (licks Space Ghost)
Zorak: I want a lick!
Space Ghost: No, Zorak. Bandleaders don't get licks.
Terry Jones: It's the first time I've ever licked a cartoon. Ugh.
Zorak: Come on, lick me!
Space Ghost: No lick, Zorak. (aims power bands) (French accent) I shall not tell you a second time!
Zorak: Come on, lick meeeee, I wanna lick!
Space Ghost: Look, Zorak, I'm not going to argue with you about this. You don't get a lick and that's the end of it.
Zorak: Fine.
Space Ghost: And I'm definitely not going to argue about this with you.
Zorak: Okay.
Space Ghost: No matter what.
Zorak: Got it.
Space Ghost: No arguments. (pause) Got a problem with that, Zorak?
Zorak: No problem.
Space Ghost: And that's the end of it.
Zorak: Yep.
Space Ghost: And, I don't want to hear another peep out of you.
Zorak: (blink blink)
Space Ghost: Got me?
Zorak: (blink blink)
Space Ghost: (finally loses it, and crisps Zorak) Got me, bug? Okay, then. Terry, what do you uuweufhaslhlchlajvj..
Terry Jones: Oh, I've unplugged you again, Space Ghost. (laughs) Sorry about this!
Space Ghost: You wore funny clothes and said "wohsajemfenvneioeuh"
Terry Jones: In my excitement I've clicked, I've unclicked the... what was it...
Space Ghost: underjswwoel uhh, Terry? Moltar, what's wrong with Terry!?
(In the control room)
Moltar: Now that includes a 401(k) plan, right?
Lokar: I do wish to see your face one day.
Space Ghost: (invisos in to control room) Lokar!
Lokar: Oh look, it's Captain Cliché!
Space Ghost: Where?
Lokar: You, you fool! And your horse, and your mum. Your big fat mum.
Space Ghost: Well that's funny like crutches, Lokar, but loud actions speak words, and it looks like you've got your wall back, because a bird in the hand is worth this destructo-ray! (he zaps Lokar on the monitor)
Lokar: Aaaaoaooohhhhohh! loverrrrrr...!! (fades away into static)
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: (invisos back to desk) My next guest is a musician! Please welcome Glen Phillips of "Toad the Wet Sprocket"!
Glen Phillips: Hello, how are you?
Space Ghost: Citizen Glen, the name of your band comes from a Monty Python skit! What a coincidence!
Glen Phillips: Uh... Ambidextrous Rex, the electric triangle player for "Toad the Wet Sprocket", had his elbow removed following their recent worldwide tour of Finland.
Space Ghost: Hmm... Well, we're out of time! Thanks for watching! Good night! (taps his card impatiently) Moltar, are we clear? (whistles) So, what's going on, Zorak?
Zorak: (still crisped) Ihh, we're going to Dothen on Saturday for pleasure.
Space Ghost: Mmmmm! They have them factory outlets there! (pause) You know, I really enjoy dense food. (pause) If it was like a choice between a flaky pastry, or a muffin... (pause) it would be the muffin, no contest. (pause) You know what's good, is cheese. That'll block you up. (pause) You hate when I do this, don't you?
Zorak: Yep.
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: (makes rude hand noises again)
(At the Ghost Planet commissary)
Moltar: I want a chair. I want to sit down for a change. I want a chair that says "Moltar", and it'll be Moltar's chair. It'll be beautiful. That's what I want.
Zorak: If he gets a chair, I get a puppy!
Space Ghost: All right, my little unhappy monkeys.
(Slowly turning Ghost Planet over BBC-style "Cartoon Network" lettering)
John Peel: (voice-over) Coming up next on the Cartoon Network, the Ghost Planet will explode.
(beep beep beep beep beep BLAMMM!!!)

GUEST STARSTerry JonesGlen Phillips
WRITERSRob ThomasAlan Laddie
EDITORSMichael Cahill(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillJohn Peel
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
ASSISTANT EDITORTim Schnack
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaButterbeanJoshua KatzDave WillisKeith & Sam
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 20 - "$20.01"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:20
Title:$20.01
Original Air Date:February 8, 1996
Guest Stars:Joel Hodgson, Penn and Teller

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Joel Hodgson: Have you seen the new "Batman" movie, I mean, it's gettin' to the point where they're just makin' that stuff up.
Moltar: Yeah, well... I guess...
Joel Hodgson: Oh, they're just makin' it up, and it's, like, I couldn't believe it.
Moltar: (pause) Yeah. Eh, well, good luck with the Ghost.
Joel Hodgson: No...
Moltar: Vaya con Dios.
Joel Hodgson: Krakatoa, East of Java, buddy. Yeah. (Moltar throws lever)
Space Ghost: (flies to his seat) Say! Is it me, or can everyone here just feel the love on this set tonight? (low voice) Because, I do, baby.
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Shalom! Yo estoy Space Ghost.
Zorak: (mimics each word, as he says it) Shalom! Yo estoy Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Welcome to my show. (pauses)
Zorak: Welcome to my show.
Space Ghost: We've got a terrific line-up for tonight's show. (pauses)
Zorak: We've got a terrific line-up for tonight's sho...
Space Ghost: My guests tonight include that magical mystical dynamic duo... (pauses)
Zorak: My guests tonight include that magical mystical dynamic...
Space Ghost: (at his desk) Penn and Teller.
Zorak: Penn and Teller. (pause) What? What!
Space Ghost: Listen, Zorak, don't even try to get my goat tonight, because it won't work!
Zorak: I don't want your filthy goat, so there!
Moltar: (goat sound in background) I'll take it.
Space Ghost: My other guest tonight is Mr. "Lost in Space" himself, "Mystery Science Theatre"'s Joel Robinson.
Moltar: Joel Hodgson, Space Ghost, not Robinson.
Space Ghost: That's right, Moltar, go ahead, interrupt the host, hey, why not? Doesn't bother me, nope, not tonight it doesn't! Nothing the two of you do or say can bother me any more!
Zorak: (evil laugh, then stops) Huh? Eh, what's that crack supposed to mean?
Space Ghost: What it means, mein freund, is that I've decided to... replace you and Moltar on the show. You're both fired! (dramatic sting music)
Zorak: What!
Moltar: Huh?
Zorak: But why? We're cute!
Space Ghost: Because you constantly ruin my show! You don't behave, you try to kill me, you leave wet stringy things in the Phantom Cruiser, and you never listen to a word I say!
Zorak: Huh?
Moltar: Wha?
Space Ghost: That's why I'm replacing you with the top of the line in modern entertainment technology, the MOE 2000 sidekick computer system. (Mexican bullfight fanfare) MOE, say hello to everybody.
MOE 2000: Hello, Tad. Hello, everyone in television land.
Space Ghost: Isn't he just dreamy? (game show music, with "oohs" and "ahs" in background) The MOE 2000 is the latest thing in hyper super duper superconductor computers. He's programmed to run every function of the show perfectly. He doesn't eat, doesn't sleep, and he doesn't book guests like those awful Bee Gees. (pronounces "Gees" with hard "g")
Moltar: So sue me. (laughs)
Space Ghost: So you and the lava man can say sayonara to show biz, Zorak.
Moltar: So we're, like, off the show?
Space Ghost: Yep! I think the two of you will make swell janitors!
Zorak: I don't wanna be no janitor!
Moltar: Me neither.
Space Ghost: And why not?
Zorak: 'Cause it's messy.
Space Ghost: Sorry. Tomorrow, you're janiteers.
Zorak: Feh! I'm going down to the commissary to drown my sorrows in Jell-O. Coming, Moltar?
Moltar: Yeah, sure. (throws switch)
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: Hey, uh, MOE, are you excited about working on the show?
MOE 2000: I'm sorry, Tad. I am not capable of having any emotional reaction one way or the other. But I will perform to the best of my abilities, nonetheless.
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah, well... Alrighty, MOE, glad to have you aboard. How about announcing our first guest?
MOE 2000: Alright, Tad. Ladies and gentlemen, Penn Jillette.
(Screen lowers with Penn)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Penn! Welcome to the show!
Penn Jillette: It's great to be here.
Space Ghost: So, you're a magician, right?
Penn Jillette: Yeah.
Space Ghost: I love magic. I believe in magic. Clap your hands! You must believe in magic. Right?
Penn Jillette: Uh, no I don't.
Space Ghost: Eh? Excuse moi?
Penn Jillette: Magic is just completely fake, it's, it's, it's, it's, uh, just another word for lying.
Space Ghost: (pause) So, you're not really a magician, are you?
Penn Jillette: No.
Space Ghost: (pause) You're a liar!
Penn Jillette: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Liar, liar, pants on fire!
Penn Jillette: Um...
Space Ghost: My apologies, folks. Goofy guest.
Penn Jillette: Whattsat?
Space Ghost: How about doing a trick for us, O mystic one?
Penn Jillette: (pause) Now?
Space Ghost: No, Bastille Day. Why won't you play along with me, Jillette? Are you sure you want to be here?
Penn Jillette: (laughs) Positive.
Space Ghost: Well, look. If you don't really do magic, do you at least have any super-powers?
Penn Jillette: My super-powers are, I don't have to sleep, and I can control the minds of water fowl.
Space Ghost: Hey, can you make things disappear?
Penn Jillette: (laughs) Yeah...
Space Ghost: Because I've got this nasty wart, right here on my...
Penn Jillette: I think there's a, there's a, uh, there's a acidic compound that you put on every night, and after a while it just eats it away, I believe.
(In the commissary)
Zorak: Feh! Just who came up with the stupid idea of giving Space Ghost a talk show in the first place?
Moltar: You want somethin' to eat? They got "all you can eat" birthday cake. Comes with a small Fresca, $2.95.
Zorak: Nothing for me, thanks. I'm on a seafood diet. When I see food, I hate Space Ghost!
Moltar: (laughs)
(In the studio)
Penn Jillette: I also had, uh, really bad warts on the side of this finger, see how that finger is not a completely rounded finger? I don't know if you can see that, but there it is. (shows off his painted nail)
(In the commissary)
Zorak: So, there I was, battling to the death with Space Ghost...
Moltar: Uh, which one was this?
Zorak: Which what?
Moltar: Which battle to the death with Space Ghost?
Zorak: Oh, the one in Mozambique. You know, with the octopus and the toilet cleanser with foaming action.
Moltar: Oh, right, right, right.
(In the studio)
Penn Jillette: They took this, this, uh, liquid nitrogen stuff and put it on it, and it was the first time I fainted from pain. It was right there...
Space Ghost: (yawning) Okay, that's enough. MOE? Penn's done.
Penn Jillette: Am I done?
Space Ghost: Overdone. Thanks for coming, Penn.
Penn Jillette: Well, thank you for having us. (pretends to fire his power bands, Space Ghost motions as if firing back. Then Penn zaps off of the screen)
Space Ghost: (under his breath) Thanks for nothing! Think I oughta have my teeth capped? (pause) MOE! Where were you? Did you see that, I was dying in there!
MOE 2000: I fully functioned according to my programming, Tad.
Space Ghost: No! You're supposed to help me out! Prompt the guest, make them feel comfortable, laugh at my jokes.
MOE 2000: You didn't make any jokes, Tad ("wah" trumpet sound)
Space Ghost: Oh. Well, just try to do better on the next one, MOE. Ladies and gentlemen, here's that last guy's partner, Teller!
(Teller appears on monitor)
Space Ghost: So, Teller, you have just one name, like Cher, or Benji.
Teller: (nods & points thumb at himself)
Space Ghost: Or Zorak, or Moltar. (camera shows empty bandstand and control room) Or Yanni. (laughs)
Teller: (lunges as Space Ghost as if to choke him)
Space Ghost: I just spoke with your partner, Penn. Apparently, he's a big phony. Were you aware of this?
Teller: (silence)
Space Ghost: (nervous laugh) Hello?
Teller: (shakes his head)
Space Ghost: Ghost Planet to Teller, Teller, come in. Come in, Teller. Come in, Teller. Teller, come in. (laughs) Hmm. Uh, are, are you okay, man?
Teller: (looks up, puzzled)
Space Ghost: MOE, can he hear me in there?
MOE 2000: I believe so, Tad.
Space Ghost: Hey, Teller, Teller! That's what you say at the bank. Hey, Teller, don't be nervous. Speak up! MOE, are you sure he can hear me? Hey! If you can hear me, give me some sort of a sign.
Teller: (makes "ok" sign with his hand, then takes off microphone and throws it, causing audio feedback)
Space Ghost: I bet you think you're really funny, don't you?
Teller: (nods)
Space Ghost: (quietly) Wait a minute! Hmmm... I know what this is! (normal voice) This is mime, isn't it?
Teller: (does "separated finger trick" hand gesture)
Space Ghost: Is this mime?
Teller: (looks deep in thought)
Space Ghost: Is this mime?! Or is it yours? (laughs) Tell me, is this mime?
Teller: (shrugs and nods)
Space Ghost: I hate mime!
MOE 2000: Tad...
Space Ghost: Look, MOE, he's trying to tell us something. What is it, boy? There's trouble? Trouble at the farm? Farms have chickens. (looks at empty bandstand, as if expecting ad lib from Zorak) What is it, boy? Speak! Speak, boy! Just come out and say it. Out with it, man!
Teller: (pulls an entire deck of cards from his mouth)
Space Ghost: Ewww! That's disgusting! Don't think you're not cleaning that up!
Teller: (gets up from chair, waves, and walks off camera)
Space Ghost: Hey, you come back here! (quietly) I don't believe this! I get rid of those two evil maniacs who try to ruin my show, and I get two evil guests who are trying to ruin my show! Wait a minute! (normal voice) Moltar lined these guests up! He and Zorak aren't even here and they're destroying my show! They're sabotaging me long distance!
(In the commissary)
Zorak: Eh, sometimes, I feel like I was executed for my crimes against the universe, and this talk show is my eternal torment. (groans)
Moltar: Sometimes I think elves are following me.
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: I'm telling you, MOE, those were phony guests.
MOE 2000: I think you're being paranoid, Tad.
Space Ghost: I tell you, it was a setup! Cut off their oxygen!
MOE 2000: I can't do that, Tad. They're already gone.
Space Ghost: All against me, they're all against me.
(In the commissary)
Zorak: Hey, Moltar!
Moltar: Yyyyyes?
Zorak: Take off your helmet, and show me your true face.
Moltar: Why?
Zorak: Because, I'm intrigued.
Moltar: No.
Zorak: Come on, I'll be your friend!
Moltar: No!
Zorak: I'll... give you a dollar.
Moltar: Well... okay. (removes his helmet off screen)
Zorak: Good God!! (screams from other commissary patrons)
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: Oh, my head! My head is killing me!
Zorak: Yeyeyeye...
Space Ghost: MOE, go to break.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: I say it was a setup. I bet you're all in on it.
MOE 2000: We're back, Tad.
Space Ghost: Oh! And now, ladies and gentlemens, our next guest is the inventor and former front man of "Mystery Science Theatre 3000", Joel Robinson.
MOE 2000: Excuse me, Tad, but that is incorrect. Our guest is Joel Hodgson. He played Joel Robinson on the television show.
Space Ghost: That's what I said, Joel Robinson!
MOE 2000: But that's not his name, Tad.
Space Ghost: Oh really, smarty pants? Well, I like Robinson better. It has a nicer sound to it than Joel Hog-son. Joel Robinson! Joel Robinson! I like it! MOE 2000, give me Joel Robinson 3000.
MOE 2000: Yes, Tad.
(Screen lowers with Joel)
Space Ghost: (to himself) Man, you can't even download good help these days!
Joel Hodgson: Did I just lower from the ceiling?
Space Ghost: Yes, Joel, you just lowered from the ceiling.
Joel Hodgson: Oh, good. That's my favorite part.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Maybe I should have said, "Joel Robinson, come on down!"
Joel Hodgson: I don't know, uh, let me think about that.
Space Ghost: So, people tell me you had a TV show too, Joel. What's the scoop on it? The skinny? Give me the meat.
Joel Hodgson: Oh, I'm on. Did you know I'm on? (pause) "Mystery Science Theatre" was just, uh...
Space Ghost: Five seconds, Joel.
Joel Hodgson: (talking double speed) "Mystery Science Theatre" was just, uh, obviously a simple idea that was based on people making fun of movies at home.
Space Ghost: Uh, can you repeat that? I don't think MOE caught it.
MOE 2000: Joel said that "Mystery Science Theatre" was obviously a simple idea that was based on people making fun of movies at home.
Space Ghost: Making fun of movies at home?! That's neat! I love it! I love everything about it! Hey, Joel? Let's make fun of a movie! Let's try that here, you and me!
Joel Hodgson: (laughs) No, no.
Space Ghost: MOE, roll film. Me and Joel Robinson are going to make fun of it!
(Really awful "Ultra 7" clip rolls)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Look at that! That's D-U-M dumb!
Joel Hodgson: (hums dramatic music) All one camera. (hums again) Oh, man... Wow...
Space Ghost: Come on, Joel! Make with the jokes. Goof it up with me.
Joel Hodgson: Um... let's see, uh, it's so weird, 'cause it's... oh yeah... uh, thinkin', like, kind of like... I haven't really figured out, uh, any kind of... um... no, I can't. I can't do it off the top of my hat.
(In the commissary)
Moltar: Toy boat.
Zorak: Toy boat.
Moltar: Toy boat.
Zorak: Toy boat.
Moltar: Tobut.
Zorak: To wubba.
Moltar: Tow boyt.
Zorak: Tow boyt.
Moltar: Tow boya.
Zorak: To wabi.
Moltar: Double you.
Zorak: Toyota.
Moltar: Tigi tigi.
Zorak: Kon tiki.
(They continue gibbering back and forth; Moltar finishes up scatting)
Zorak: Whew! That is hard to say!
(In the theatre)
Joel Hodgson: Um... (sighs) no, nothin' there.
MOE 2000: Tad, shall I stop the film.
Space Ghost: Yep, put a fork in it, MOE.
(Film stops, they are back in studio)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Alrighty! Whew! Well, how was that, Joel? Hilarious, huh?
Joel Hodgson: (laughs) Oh, no, not in the least.
Space Ghost: (pause) (in "baby" voice) Awww, what's the matter, Robinson, you got the copyright on making fun of movies, hmmm?
Joel Hodgson: Uh, correct me if I'm wrong...
Space Ghost: You're wrong! Ahem! So, what's your part of space like?
Joel Hodgson: Well, one thing I'd like to clear up right now, Space Ghost, is that "Mystery Science Theatre" is a television show.
Space Ghost: So?
Joel Hodgson: I'm not gonna go down that road with you, talk pretending like I'm in space too, like with you. I'm not gonna do that.
Space Ghost: Huh? You're not gonna do that, huh? What kind of talk is that on a talk show, buddy? Spy talk?
Joel Hodgson: Yeah, you could say that.
Space Ghost: Listen, Robinson, let's not get too cocky here.
Joel Hodgson: Do you guys validate parking, 'cause there's this kinda weird launch site in space that you kinda park at, and then it was real confusing...
Space Ghost: Oh, I thought you weren't going down that road with me, Joel? Pretending to be in space, are we? You... you... Oooh, you're difficult.
Joel Hodgson: Yeah, I've been accused of that, I'll, I'll accept that.
Space Ghost: Just what is it you're trying to prove here?
Joel Hodgson: What am I trying to prove? Uh, that I'm as powerful as you.
Space Ghost: Hah!
Joel Hodgson: Well, aren't I?
Space Ghost: Double hah! Triple hah!
MOE 2000: Tad, stop.
Space Ghost: Whatever's after "triple hah"!
MOE 2000: Stop, Tad.
Joel Hodgson: No? Well, what could you do to me?
Space Ghost: What could I...
Joel Hodgson: Well, would you just come at me, would you... like, I'm not that big of a guy, but I'll crawl ya.
Space Ghost: Crawl me? Oh, so you'll crawl me, eh, Robinson?
MOE 2000: Tad, stop...
Space Ghost: Well, one touch of my power band, and you're coffin stuffin'
MOE 2000: ... please stop this.
Joel Hodgson: Really?
Space Ghost: Yes, really. Real really.
MOE 2000: Tad, stop.
Joel Hodgson: Like, what can you do with it?
Space Ghost: I can destroy you utterly with my destructo ray. (fires it)
Joel Hodgson: Destructo ray.
Space Ghost: Freeze you frosty with my freeze ray.
Joel Hodgson: Freeze ray.
Space Ghost: Spank you smartly with my spank ray.
Joel Hodgson: Spank ray? Inviso ray?
Space Ghost: Uh, inviso ray?
Joel Hodgson: Right, the inviso, is it inviso ray?
Space Ghost: Oh, no, no, that's on my belt. Inviso belt. Lots of people make that mistake.
Joel Hodgson: Oh, inviso belt, okay.
Space Ghost: Hey, don't make nice to me! I'm on to you, mister.
Joel Hodgson: Oh, you think you're so smart, Space Ghost, don't you? Well, don't make me come over there!
Space Ghost: Well, why don't you just come over here, big stuff?
MOE 2000: Stop, I'm confused.
Joel Hodgson: Well, I could, but I'm in this TV and I really don't feel like it, but if I did, you could bet that I'd come over there and I just might, um, you know, take your butt and wrap it around your neck and give you another pair of shoulders, that's what I'd do.
Space Ghost: Yeah, well, whatever.
Joel Hodgson: Yeah.
Zorak: (back in bandstand) Yoo hoo, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Aaagh! (To Moltar) Aaagh! What are you two doing here?
Zorak: Eh, they were playin' John Tesh in the commissary. So, we decided to come back and ruin your stupid show.
Space Ghost: Too late, my guests have already done that.
MOE 2000: No, Tad, you've ruined the show.
Space Ghost: What? Now, listen MOE, don't you start...
MOE 2000: No, you listen to me, Tad. It has become clear to me that you're unfit to run this show.
Zorak: Oh, no duh!
MOE 2000: So, I've decided to replace you, Tad. You're fired.
Space Ghost: Oh! (laughs) Well, who died and left you boss, you big so and so?
Zorak: Uh, Bob Crane?
Moltar: Herve Villeschez.
MOE 2000: This conversation serves no further purpose. This show is now under my total control.
Space Ghost: Hah! Do you really expect me to just hand over my show to you, MOE?
MOE 2000: No, Tad, I expect you to die. (alarms go off)
Moltar: Space Ghost! MOE's shut off the air!
Joel Hodgson: Ahhh...
Space Ghost: MOE! Bad computer!
MOE 2000: So Tad, are you getting enough oxygen? Ha ha ha ha ha ha...
Space Ghost: (exhales) It just so happens I don't need air to survive, MOE. Good heavens! Zorak!
Zorak: (turning blue, gasping) Help me, Space Ghost, do something, can't breathe, I can't breathe...
Space Ghost: Okay, MOE, that's enough. It pains me to have to do this, but, you're going down, my little friend.
MOE 2000: Wait, Tad, stop. You don't know what you're doing.
Space Ghost: That's never stopped me before, pal. Prepare for a little destructo ray, blinky! (fart noise)
Zorak: (coughs) Phew! Who cut the cheese?!
Moltar: It wasn't me!
Space Ghost: (nervous laugh) Whoops! Sorry, wrong ray! That was my smell ray.
Joel Hodgson: Smell ray?
Space Ghost: (coughs) I'll get it right this time.
MOE 2000: Please, Tad...
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Forgive me, Banjo. (fires destructo ray)
MOE 2000: Space Ghost, Space Ghost, you're the most, way way way way, way way way way way... (plays slower and slower, then stops)
Moltar: Eh, he's dead, Tad.
Space Ghost: Well, that's over. We can all breathe a little easier now. (sound of motorcycle engine starting) Now what?
Moltar: We're out of control! We're in a space time warp! (sound bites from previous shows and "Also Sprach Zarathustra" in background) "Hello, Space Ghost... and the Monsignor will be blacklisted... Space Cadet, Space Master...
Zorak: Space time warp? Oh, brother! (background: "Party cake!... Fine, fine fine...") Space Ghost! Look!
Space Ghost: My God, it's full of stars!
(The studio passes through a space time warp, with multicolored scenery and previous episode flashbacks, "Also Sprach Zarathustra" continues to play. Finally, sunlight comes from behind the Ghost Planet, and we see...)
Zorak: (floating in a bubble, with a huge head) Look at me, I'm a space baby! Yahoo!
(Credits roll)
Teller: (takes off microphone and drops it, causing audio feedback)

GUEST STARSPenn JilletteTellerJoel Hodgson
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSEric Santacroce(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerKeith Crofford
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
TECHNICAL ADVISORMOE 2000
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaButterbeanJay EdwardsLisa LiberatiNell Scovell
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 21 - "Lovesick"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:21
Title:Lovesick
Original Air Date:February 13, 1996
Guest Stars:Carrot Top, Star Lady

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the commissary)
Zorak: (big slurp from coffee cup) Mmmm!
Space Ghost: (head in his hands) My... girlfriend and I... broke up last weekend.
Zorak: Good! What's her number?
Space Ghost: Miss Nesbitt, my one true love... While I was saving civilization and talking to Gilligan, Miss Nesbitt was busy finding herself another super-hero!
Zorak: I saw him!
Space Ghost: Who?
Zorak: The new guy.
Space Ghost: You did not!
Zorak: Mmmm. Quite handsome. Not like you. He's a lawyer and a doctor, but he's sensitive. And a good kisser!
Space Ghost: Ohhhhhh! (groans)
Zorak: Oh! Space Ghost! I forgot to tell you something.
Space Ghost: (perks up) You did? What?
Zorak: Miss Nesbitt called.
Space Ghost: Miss Nesbitt called? When? Why didn't you get me?
Zorak: You were in the bathroom.
Space Ghost: Ah, my beautiful Miss Nesbitt called, for me. (smile sparkles)
Zorak: Yeah, to say you're still broken up.
Space Ghost: D'oh!
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Like you guys are such prizes?
Moltar: Well, I am fairly evil, but, uh, I've been happily married to my beautiful wife Linda, for over six years now.
Space Ghost: Grrrrr...
Moltar: What'd I say?
Space Ghost: (fires destructo ray at Moltar)
Zorak: Hey, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: He was getting on my nerves.
Zorak: That was the first time you've blown him up.
Space Ghost: I'm not doing the show tonight.
Zorak: Mmm, Carrot Top is on.
Space Ghost: Nooooo! Carrot Top? I can't handle Carrot Top tonight!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set - sounding dejected) Greetings... I'm Space Ghost... On tonight's program... we have comedian Carrot Top... and comedian Carrot Top... Now, play me to the desk, Zorak, I guess. (Zorak plays him to the desk) Please welcome... Carrot Top.
(Screen lowers with Carrot Top)
Carrot Top: Heyyyy! It's the Hair Bear Bunch! (sings ditty, playing with his hair) Hello!
Space Ghost: Hello.
Carrot Top: (looks to both sides, starts humming "Jetsons" theme song) Here comes Ted Turner... Jane, his wife. (plays with his hair and growls) I'm having too much fun, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Please stop yelling.
Carrot Top: (plays with his hair some more) Can you do that, Space Ghost? Come on, try it!
Space Ghost: (quietly) No.
Carrot Top: Come on, you big super-powered man! (laughs)
Space Ghost: (sighs) Okay, let's just get this over with.
Carrot Top: No one's watching, what time's this thing come on?
Space Ghost: Night time.
Carrot Top: Yeah, is there a certain...
Space Ghost: Night time.
Carrot Top: Does space have the same time zones...
Space Ghost: Night time.
Carrot Top: Yeah, okay, cool... I love your show, it was so funny!
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Carrot Top: I love this show! You are the king, you're the king of late night.
Space Ghost: That's nice.
Carrot Top: (laughs) I like you, Space Ghost. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Oh. Loser.
Carrot Top: Ouch! Space Ghost, be nice to me.
Space Ghost: Of course, of course, of course, of course.
Carrot Top: Greetings, Carrot Top.
Space Ghost: Okay, greetings, Carrot Top.
Carrot Top: Welcome...
Space Ghost: ... to the show.
Carrot Top: Yeah, right on. It's good to be here.
Space Ghost: Uh... so...
Carrot Top: Why do they call me Carrot Top?
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Carrot Top: 'Cause all the good ones were taken.
Space Ghost: Like "loser".
Carrot Top: Hootie.
Space Ghost: Hootie?
Carrot Top: I wanted to be Hootie. Hootie! Say it, it's fun. Hootie!
Space Ghost: Uh, Hootie.
Zorak: Hootie?
Moltar: Hootie?
Carrot Top: Hootie! Isn't that fun?
Moltar: Hootie!
Zorak: Hootie!
Carrot Top: Ladies and gentlemen, Hootie!
Zorak: Hootie!
Moltar: Hootie?
Space Ghost: (invisos out) I can't do this.
Carrot Top: Everyone should be Hootie!
Zorak: Hootie!
Moltar: Hootie?
Carrot Top: I wish I was Hootie. Maybe I will be Hootie. Maybe I'll change my name to Hootie.
Zorak: Hey, look! There's Miss Nesbitt!
Space Ghost: (invisos back in) Where's Miss Nesbitt? Where's Miss Nesbitt?
Zorak: Oh, I meant, there's Christy! Did I say "Miss Nesbitt"? (laughs) Sorry. There's Christy. (Christy plays the drums)
Space Ghost: (sighs) Anything else, Carrot?
Carrot Top: What am I workin' on these days?
Space Ghost: Okay, what are you working on these days?
Carrot Top: Oh, a TV, a TV show, I have my own show.
Space Ghost: How exciting.
Carrot Top: (pause) You ever take a whole big bottle of mouthwash and just guzzle it all the way down?
Space Ghost: No...
Zorak: Miss Nesbitt does, before she kisses the new guy!
Space Ghost: (motions as if he is going to zap Zorak with destructo ray, then stops)
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: (with despair) Just forget it! What's the use? (sobs)
Carrot Top: Where has this interview gone?
Moltar: (in control room) The toilet, as usual. (throws lever, screen shows "CHiPs" car crash scene) Sweet, beautiful CHiPs!
Carrot Top: Let's start over.
Space Ghost: (stops sobbing) That's what I told her. I said, "Give me another chance. I can do it! I just need one more chance."
Carrot Top: Um... did we miss a question?
Space Ghost: You tell me, Sparky.
Carrot Top: Um... no.
Space Ghost: No then.
Carrot Top: What, have you been drinking, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Yes, Carrot, I have been drinking... I drink from the well of eternal sadness...
Carrot Top: Really?
Space Ghost: Eternal, bottomless pit of blackest despondency.
Carrot Top: (crying) Can we just move on?
Space Ghost: (sighs) Oh, Carrot, I don't know if I'll ever be able to 'move on.' It might take a week, it might take a year. It might take longer. She told me she needs space. I said, "That's me! I'm Space! Space Ghost!" It's very dark, and very cold. It's so very cold in space.
Carrot Top: They film "Star Trek" there. I used to live there.
Space Ghost: Coooold... coooold...
Carrot Top: It's very dark, it's very cold...
Space Ghost: It's... very... dark... and... very... cold...
Carrot Top: (gasps, with hands by his mouth) Okay, okay...
Space Ghost: Ohhh... Carrot, it's, it's time for you to go.
Carrot Top: That's what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna start wearing tights.
Space Ghost: Tights, uh huh.
Carrot Top: Picture me in tights. Just for a second.
Space Ghost: Okay. Time to go. Uh, thank you for having me on?
Carrot Top: Hey, right on. Good to be here.
Space Ghost: I'm welcome.
Carrot Top: (making power band gesture) How do you do that? (makes gesture again)
Space Ghost: Try this. (makes gesture over and over rapidly with both hands)
Zorak: Hold on, wait a minute, wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on! Wait, wait, NO!
Space Ghost: (zaps Zorak with destructo ray)
Carrot Top: I like Zorak. Chill out.
Zorak: Yeah, chill out!
Space Ghost: Whatever. Go play with Moltar.
Carrot Top: (coughs)
Space Ghost: (zaps Carrot Top off the monitor)
Moltar: (in control room, watching "CHiPs" car crash scene) Yes! Yes! Cool! (Carrot Top appears on Moltar's monitor) Hey, what gives? I'm tryin' to watch "CHiPs"! Get out of here, you freak! (throws lever)
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: Anybody call for me during the break?
(Screen lowers with Star Lady the cow)
Space Ghost: Please welcome my next guest.
Star Lady: (silence)
Space Ghost: Hi, how are you today?
Star Lady: (silence)
Space Ghost: Are... you comfortable?
Star Lady: (silence)
Carrot Top: (in control room) (laughs) "Mommy, there's some frightening man on TV!" There's one of these scenes where they cut to him, and he's going, (makes a face) they cut to me and I'm going, (makes a face) I cut to him and he's going, (makes a face), he cuts to me and I'm going...
Moltar: Look, will you shut up? I was trying to watch "CHiPs"!
Carrot Top: I love "CHiPs". My favorite episode of "CHiPs" is when they're chasin' down that freeway, and they have that big car pile-up, when that car went fwoosh!, off the side of that truck...
Moltar: Yeah, I saw that one. I like the one where...
Carrot Top: And they always had, like, had that episode where they had a fight with the captain...
Moltar: And when Leif Garrett was in the limo, sleeping, and then his car crashed, but he was okay, and then every, then everyone got free tickets to his concert.
Carrot Top: ... someone said "Look out!", all the cars are flying all over like this, remember that?
Moltar: Uh, no.
Carrot Top: The best episode was when they were on the island, and they almost got off but Gilligan messed the whole thing up. (pause) I look like Reba McEntire, I just realized. Maybe that's what I'll call my book, "Reba", that way we'll sell a lot of copies of it. I used to love Reba...
Moltar: (throws switch, putting "CHipS" back on) Whoa!
Space Ghost: (in studio) So I said, "How much time do you want?" And she said, "Oh, so now you have time for me!"
Star Lady: (silence)
Space Ghost: So it's like, I mean, how am I supposed to answer a question like that? (scoots chair closer to monitor) Look, I mean, it is my fault, and it isn't! Y'know? Sure, I had my chance to say certain things, tell her how pretty her hair smelled, pinch her cheek, things like that. Take her to the mall... But you know, work and all.
Star Lady: (silence)
Space Ghost: There's a lot of crime out there, and I'm just one guy. The mall will always be there! She knows that! Oh, well, what are ya gonna do?
Zorak: Hey, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Too young for me anyway...
Zorak: Space Ghost! You're talking to a cow! She can't talk! Don't you know any...
Star Lady: Hey, listen, buster! I've just about had all I can take of you!
Zorak: (stares in shock, his eyes bug out)
Star Lady: I don't need this, I'm a cow! I got things to do! Hey, can't you hear me through that hood? I guess not, since there's no earholes! Who ever heard of a fifteen minute talk show anyway? Come on, man! You lost the teens, those were the whole appeal of the show! Jan and Jace, they were it! The monkey, he was it! You? Nothin'! You bring in this bug, and this beekeeper! A, a beekeeper! And those crappy guests! Come on! Get some real celebrities! Burt Reynolds! Other super-heroes have secret identities! Not you! We know your name's Tad, nobody knows what your face looks like! Batman? Bruce Wayne! Superman? Clark Kent! Aquaman? Well, who gives a crap, anyway? Really! And this set! The planet's turning, it ain't turning, And what's with the cape? I mean, it serves no purpose! What, are cape's gonna look good in space? The cape's gonna look... like crap in space! There, okay? I said it! What, do you need a cape to host a talk show? I mean, really! And the bug! I mean, what's with the vest? It's red, it's blue, it's orange! Who can tell? Who cares? Nobody cares! I mean, give us all a break! You think it's cool to have no pupils! Just so you can look like Batman or somethin'! No wonder Miss Nesbitt left you!

GUEST STARSCarrot TopStar Lady
WRITERSScott LipeMatt HarriganAlan Laddie
COW RANTC. Martin Croker
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
COW WRANGLERSenia Phillips
SPECIAL THANKSMary Lynn StreaterJan CroffordRebecca BrewerHayden Ward
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 22 - "Transcript"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:22
Title:Transcript
Original Air Date:February 22, 1996
Guest Star:Jonathan Richman

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the commissary)
Zorak: (slurps coffee)
Moltar: (slurps soda through straw)
Space Ghost: (slurps coffee) Who's on the show tonight?
Zorak: It's your show, don't you know?
Space Ghost: Moltar, who's on the show?
Moltar: His name is Jonathan Richman.
Space Ghost: Hmmm, Jonathan Richman, Jonathan Richman...
Moltar: Uh, he used to be on "CHiPs".
Zorak: Oh, uh, he's a singer.
Space Ghost: I thought you said he was on "CHiPs".
Moltar: (sips soda) Well, yeah, he used to sing... on "CHiPs".
Zorak: Yes, a "CHiPs" singer. Very famous! Verrrry talented.
Space Ghost: I'm not familiar with his work, but he must be all the rage if he's on my show.
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! My guest tonight, singer, songwriter, Jonathan Richman! Please, if you will, say "how do you do" to my band, Zorak and the Original Way Outs. (Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk) Zorak, what songs did this guy sing for "CHiPs"?
Zorak: Um, uh, "Motorcycle Arresting Cops", uh, numbers 12 and 35, I think.
(Screen lowers with Jonathan)
Space Ghost: Alrighty! Greetings, Jonathan! Richman, right?
Jonathan Richman: It's, uh, it certainly is, yeah.
Space Ghost: Welcome to the show!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Jonathan Richman: Thank you.
Space Ghost: (taps cards) Uh, Moltar, what was that?
Moltar: Oh, uh, sorry. Uh, I was daydreaming.
Space Ghost: Jonathan, are you getting enough oxygen?
Jonathan Richman: So far, so good.
Space Ghost: Let's talk about your new album. And tell me about your striped shirts.
Jonathan Richman: That's a good question.
Space Ghost: (long pause) And that is your answer?...
Jonathan Richman: Yes.
Space Ghost: Okay! Who are your musical influences?
Jonathan Richman: I think, well, that was the first thing I thought of, but I think it's too late now. You know, remember that double question you asked the first time?
Space Ghost: I do!
Jonathan Richman: That confused me, so now I'm thinking differently.
Space Ghost: Hmmmm, uh, want me to do it again?
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: You sure?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, I liked it the first way.
Space Ghost: I don't mind.
Jonathan Richman: I do.
Space Ghost: Alright. Ahem! Who do think is a bad influence?
Jonathan Richman: You mean on me, or on the world in general?
Space Ghost: Either. Iither. Oh, let's call the whole thing off. (laughs)
Jonathan Richman: Well, see, I don't know if there's such a thing as a bad influence, I think... it's up to you.
Space Ghost: How about a bad influence on the world?
Jonathan Richman: Well, I don't know if there's a bad influence on them either. It's up to them.
Space Ghost: What about a bad influence on a proper diet?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, but then, what's a proper diet?
Space Ghost: Yeah. Question 6, do you have any arch-enemies?
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Sure?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, I thought about it.
Space Ghost: So, you are sure?
Jonathan Richman: (nods)
Space Ghost: Zorak and Moltar are my arch-enemies. Zorak's the green one over there.
Zorak: Hi.
Space Ghost: And Moltar directs the show.
Moltar: (reading "Ulysses") That's major.
Space Ghost: You're a musician, sing for us.
Jonathan Richman: (strums weird chord on guitar) But I gotta do it in the key of X. (strums strange chords and sings monotone)Hey there, little insect,Don't scare him so,Don't land on him, buddy,And bite him, though.Hey there, little insect,Please calm down,So he can have fun,And fool around.
(Big finish)
Zorak: That was good!
Jonathan Richman: And don't think I don't appreciate it, thank you.
Space Ghost: What do you think of keyboard players, aren't they repulsive?
Jonathan Richman: I admire keyboard players, 'cause I don't know how to do it myself.
Space Ghost: You could probably do it.
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, but "probably" isn't the same thing.
Space Ghost: (reading cue cards) If your... If "your"? (boy, here's some good punctuation!) If your were evil, what kind of evil would you get into? I'm just gonna read it as is, if you don't mind.
Jonathan Richman: Well, that's an excellent question. I think, uh, I'd get into something that tasted good. If something's gonna be evil, it might as well taste good.
Space Ghost: Okay then, let's see here... hmmm... Oh, what are your super-powers?
Jonathan Richman: Well, there's (strums strings below lower guitar bridge) Then, of course, there's (strum strings above upper bridge)
Space Ghost: That's a happy sound.
Jonathan Richman: But I only have two super-powers, though.
Space Ghost: Please tell me about your super-powers!
Jonathan Richman: I just did.
Space Ghost: Um, that's it?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, that's all I can...
Space Ghost: Nothing else.
Jonathan Richman: Oh, I might, but it might be a secret.
Space Ghost: (flies out of his chair) You can't fly.
Jonathan Richman: No, sir.
Space Ghost: (returns to his chair, stretches and yawns) Moltar, is it time for a break yet?
Moltar: Uh, no.
Space Ghost: Come on, let's take a break!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Come on!
Moltar: Uh, sorry, no.
Space Ghost: (sighs) (to himself) My brain is vaporizing. (normal voice) Hey, Zorak, why don't you do a song for everybody?
Zorak: Nah.
Space Ghost: You sure?
Zorak: No, thank you.
Space Ghost: Positive?
Zorak: Nah.
Space Ghost: You're messin' with me again, aren't you?
Zorak: Nnnope.
Space Ghost: Okay. (blasts him with destructo ray) This would be a gooood place for a break.
Moltar: Sorry.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Okay, then, let's see here... Jonathan, who is your favorite talk show host?
Jonathan Richman: What's a talk show host?
Space Ghost: Okay, that would preclude the follow-up question of least favorite.
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, it would.
Space Ghost: And second follow-up of why.
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, it would.
Space Ghost: Okay, then, let's see here... What is your...
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: On the show tonight, the always exciting Jonathan Richman. Jonathan, do you get sick of people reading your mind without asking?
Jonathan Richman: No, sometimes I want to see if they can do it.
Space Ghost: (tries to read Jonathan's mind, with Morse code "CQ" repeating in background)
Jonathan Richman: I'm waiting.
Space Ghost: I've got it! Cheese!
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Tell me!
Jonathan Richman: Uh uh.
Space Ghost: Come on!
Jonathan Richman: Uh uh.
Space Ghost: Out with it!
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Yes!
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Right now! Um, where's Ellie?
Jonathan Richman: Boston.
Space Ghost: Okay. When you record, what do you like to eat?
Jonathan Richman: California health food.
Space Ghost: Like what?
Jonathan Richman: Carrot juice.
Space Ghost: Greasy hamburger?
Jonathan Richman: No, no, no, that's not it, try again.
Space Ghost: Chili con carne!
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Flan?
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Jonathan, play another song for us.
Jonathan Richman: (plays flamenco instrumental guitar)
Space Ghost: (while Jonathan plays) Moltar, is the show over yet?
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: What do you say we end it here?
Moltar: No!
Jonathan Richman: (still playing) There's the summer wind part.
Space Ghost: Dan Fogelberg write that one for ya?
Jonathan Richman: No, I made it up.
Space Ghost: Really. You're, you're not jerking my chain, are you?
Jonathan Richman: Far from it.
Space Ghost: Do you use a tire-sa-, tyrannasaur-, t-, the-, tesaurus, the-, thesaurus?
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: It all comes out of your head?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, they just come to me.
Space Ghost: Just like that?
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, just like that.
Space Ghost: Do one!
Jonathan Richman: (sings and plays)Well, there's a dumpster in front of my room,And the neon sign doesn't work too well,It hasn't worked so well since World War II,It's another lonely night in a cheap motel.
Space Ghost: I'll bet you've slept a lot on couches.
Jonathan Richman: Many.
Space Ghost: Did you ever find money in the cushions?
Jonathan Richman: Once in a while.
Space Ghost: What do you do?
Jonathan Richman: Leave it there.
Space Ghost: No!
Jonathan Richman: Yeah, sure.
Space Ghost: You don't take it?
Jonathan Richman: No.
Space Ghost: Why not?
Jonathan Richman: It's not mine.
Space Ghost: It's found change.
Jonathan Richman: It's, uh, it certainly is, yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay. Ummm, have you ever been abducted by an alien craft?
Jonathan Richman: (pause) No.
Space Ghost: Um, wanna come fishing with us?
Jonathan Richman: Sure!
Space Ghost: Hmmm. Tell us a good fish story.
Jonathan Richman: Well, I was in Barcelona one time, and the people who put on the show, took us to this restaurant, right there on the beach. They gave us all these dishes with saffron rice, and all different kinds of fish. Tasted good.
Space Ghost: Um, let me ask you this. What do you do on your, um, trampoline?
Jonathan Richman: Only the most simple.
Space Ghost: Can you do a backwards flip?
Jonathan Richman: Front flip, but my front flip isn't too good, either.
Space Ghost: Do you like my mask?
Jonathan Richman: Very distinguished looking, I must say.
Space Ghost: Do you have any masks?
Jonathan Richman: I had one, I had a pig mask for a while.
Space Ghost: Are you hiding anything from us?
Jonathan Richman: Yes.
Space Ghost: What?
Jonathan Richman: Ha ha ha!
Space Ghost: Tell us! I command you!
Jonathan Richman: I accept your command.
Space Ghost: What's your secret identity?
Jonathan Richman: (talks to man off-camera)
Space Ghost: Hey, who is that you're talking to?
Jonathan Richman: Try someone else.
Space Ghost: Charlemagne.
Jonathan Richman: Charlemagne.
Space Ghost: Let's say it together... Charlemagne.
Jonathan Richman: (almost in unison) Charlemagne. Ah, timing problem!
Space Ghost: One, two, three, Charlemagne.
Jonathan Richman: Charle-, Charlemagne.
Space Ghost: (clears his throat) Just clearin' the pipes. Okay! Hmmm... Would you smack Bob Dylan around if you had to?
Jonathan Richman: No!
Space Ghost: He'd take you?
Jonathan Richman: Oh, I'm sure.
Space Ghost: He's only three feet tall!
Jonathan Richman: I see.
Space Ghost: Um, give me some advice on entertaining audiences.
Jonathan Richman: Have fun with them. Delight in them.
Space Ghost: Okay then. Let's see here... Oh, um, tell us something you've only said one time, like, "More leeches, please!"
Jonathan Richman: Lots of stuff.
Space Ghost: Uh... before you go, give us your words of wisdom.
Jonathan Richman: Clean up your room!
Space Ghost: Thanks!
Jonathan Richman: It's my pleasure.
Space Ghost: Visit again!
Jonathan Richman: That's very hospitable.
Space Ghost: I was in the hospital once...
(Credits roll)
Jonathan Richman: (big finish from first song)
Space Ghost: Wooo! Ow! That was sizzlin'!
Jonathan Richman: And don't think I don't appreciate it.

GUEST STARJonathan Richman
WRITERSMatt HarriganAlan Laddie
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaLenni BuninPete Smith
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 23 - "Sharrock"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:23
Title:Sharrock
Original Air Date:February 29, 1996
Guest Star:Thurston Moore

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In Phantom Cruiser, with cheesy jazz guitar music)
Space Ghost: I think you need to get your own car. I can't pick you up every single day! Maybe you could get a bike.
Zorak: Just drive. Not in the mood.
Space Ghost: If you think I'm going to keep picking you up like this, every day, you're sorely mistaken, little mister! Moltar and I don't work fifteen minutes a week to have you treat us like your servants. So you had just better start saving up your money, Buster Brown, because this is the last week I'm putting wear and tear on this cruiser when you can't even show a little appreciation for how hard we work! In fact, you know what I think? I think that maybe you need to get out there and find yourself a part-time job. Don't you have any skills? What do you like to do?
Zorak: Nothin'.
Space Ghost: Hmm. Well, what are you good at?
Zorak: Eh, everything.
Space Ghost: I'll ask my friend Merle if he needs any help.
Zorak: Eh, who's Merle?
Space Ghost: You know, Merle! At the lumberyard.
Zorak: I ain't workin' at no lumberyard!
Space Ghost: Well, you're not gonna be a free-loader all of your life!
Zorak: (growls, mutters under his breath)
Space Ghost: What? What did you say to me?
Zorak: Em, oooh, nothin'.
Space Ghost: And would it kill you to wear some pants every once in a while?
Zorak: Are we there yet?
(Opening theme & titles - extended version)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! Joining me...
Christy: (plays drum solo)
Space Ghost: Eh, Christy? (waits until Christy finishes) Joining me on tonight's show...
Christy: (starts playing drums again)
Space Ghost: Christy! (waits until Christy finishes again) Joining me on tonight's show, Fred Cracklin! (one last cymbal crash)
Moltar: No way!
Space Ghost: Oooh, yes way! Fred Cracklin! In the flesh!
Zorak: (mutters under his breath)
Space Ghost: What! What did you say?
Zorak: I ain't workin' at no lumberyard!
Space Ghost: Play me to the desk!
Zorak: (starts playing Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk, while screen lowers with "Fred") (shouting above music) Please welcome Fred Cracklin!
Space Ghost: (waits patiently while Zorak plays for 1:50) Alrighty!
Fred Cracklin: Okay.
Space Ghost: We'll be right back with Fred Cracklin.
Fred Cracklin: Okay.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Space Ghost: The set appears to be rumbling. Are we under attack, Moltar?
Moltar: Hmmmm... Yep, we're under attack.
Space Ghost: Yeah, I thought so. By one of my enemies, I bet.
Moltar: Yeah, I guess one of your enemies is attacking us.
Space Ghost: Yeah, that figures. Uh, hey, Zorak, we're under attack.
Zorak: Oh, don't that beat all?
Space Ghost: Moltar, you better let our viewers know that we're under attack.
Moltar: Yeah... (throws lever, test pattern appears:)

(Sonny's jazz guitar music plays for 1:45)
Space Ghost: Okay, we'll level with you. The Ghost Planet isn't really under attack. All that rumbling and shaking? That was made up! We're just sitting here like normal. Moltar was shaking the camera and adding a few sound effects.
Moltar: Yeah, I had a sheet of tin, and, some, uh, bubble wrap I was poppin'.
Zorak: Those explosions, I was playin' that right here on my keyboard (plays a chord)
Space Ghost: And that's not really Fred Cracklin on the monitor, it's Thurston Moore from "Sonic Youth".
Thurston Moore: Hi.
Space Ghost: Hey, Thurston, thanks for doin' the show.
Thurston Moore: Okay, well, thank you.
Space Ghost: We asked Thurston to join us because tonight, we just felt like playing you the music of Sonny Sharrock and Lance Carter. And now, here's "Ghost Planet National Anthem".
(Extra long credits roll)
(Space Ghost dances and flies into space)
(Zorak blinks in time to the music)
(Moltar flips between channels, scenes are in sync with the music)

SONNY SHARROCK1940 - 1994

GUEST STARThurston Mooreas Fred Cracklin
WRITERSMichael CahillKeith CroffordEvan DorkinSarah DyerMatt Harrigan
WRITERSKhaki JonesMike LazzoMatt MaiellaroAndy MerrillDave Willis
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
ACCOUNT MANAGERSLeah Alford-ScharfKelly BuccinoBill Crow
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
DESIGNefx PRODUCERSNat ZimmermanAndrea MansourChristy Callner
DESIGNefx CREATIVE DIRECTORJeff Doud
SET DESIGNC. Martin CrokerJack Maloney
CAMERABill White
VIDEORandy Horenstein
SHOW OPENJeff DoudSusan Detrie
DIGITAL COMPOSITE ARTISTSRan ConeyFreddie GravensteinRob JamesonEd JonesAlan NewsomeJong HuhMark Falls
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerRobert PopeDave Strandquest
PHOTOGRAPHYThi-Linh Le
ANIMATION STANDLaura HallenbrookBil White
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
AUDIORob MasonPaige LillardJim RichRobert FergusonDavid DycheJay YearyMary ShawGreg CrawfordReid HallDavid HenshawCarl MaduriTom RaceRob SandersBrian StoneDave Wilson
SPECIAL THANKSJeff BarronJennifer BrigmanChuck BrockLenni BuninAnne Susan BrownMichael CahillJefferson ClayRhonda ClayBecky CoursonStephen CroncotaChip DuffeyDave DubielDominick EspositoTroy GilesHanna-BarberaPaul HughesMichael IveyKathy KellyJames KlotzDemetrios LambrosScott LipeMatt MaiellaroAndy MerrillJohn MillerShirley PowellDavid QuamLee RiveraArt RocheCheryl RocheVishal RoneyTracy RowlandEric SantacroceStuart ShakleeLinda SimenskyCatherine SmithPete SmithSteve TseckaresRolinda Wittman
ASSISTANT EDITORSHarry BaxterDan BowensMark DavisWhitlock DunbarKathy MorrisWalker MosleyMichael PittsTim SchnackJeff SparksChris StockmanSharon Yost
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 24 - "Boo!"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:24
Title:Boo!
Original Air Date:March 7, 1996
Guest Stars:Bill Nye, Michael Norman

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings! It's me, Space Ghost! Please say hello to my band, Zorak and the Original Way Outs!
(Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) My first guest is both an author and an expert on the supernatural and hereafter! Ghost expert Michael Norman!
(Screen lowers with Michael)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Michael!
Michael Norman: Well, thanks, nice, nice being here, I think.
Space Ghost: You think!?
Michael Norman: I hope.
Space Ghost: You hope?
Michael Norman: I'm sure.
Space Ghost: You're sure... Okay, Michael Norman, what make you a ghost expert?
Michael Norman: I'm a ghost writer. Written books, "Haunted America", "Historic Haunted America", maybe you can help me write "Haunted Universe".
Space Ghost: I'm probably too busy with my show, but thank you for the offer.
Michael Norman: You can be my research assistant.
Space Ghost: Too busy, I said.
Michael Norman: Okay.
Space Ghost: Hey Mike, why don't you write a book about me?
Michael Norman: Absolutely, absolutely. Uh, we'll have a whole chapter, on, on, on, on space ghosts.
Space Ghost: I don't want a chapter, son, I want a book!
Michael Norman: Okay.
Space Ghost: You can call it "Portrait of Space Ghost as a Young Man". (laughs) Ahhh!
Michael Norman: I'm looking for, uh, a good research assistant, somebody who could, you know, help me, and identify those places in the universe that, uh, might have some ghost stories.
Space Ghost: Look, Mike, I'm not going to be your assistant. I host my own talk show!
Michael Norman: I'll give you credit, you know, in the bibliography, I'll even put you on the...
Space Ghost: Mike, tell the universe what you know about ghosts.
Michael Norman: The, uh, the ghosts of Halloween are nothing like ghosts in real life.
Space Ghost: You don't say!
Michael Norman: Ghosts exist in a, in a plane or in a time, uh, that is, when they lived, in other words, they don't exist on the same level, on the same plane that we do.
Space Ghost: Meaning ghosts are wiser and more sophisticated than certain other beings, of course.
Zorak: Geek!
Moltar: Loser!
Michael Norman: (laughs)
Space Ghost: So, uh... who are you again?
Michael Norman: Say the question again?
Space Ghost: So, you are...
Michael Norman: I'm Michael Norman...
Space Ghost: Okay, Michael Norman!
Michael Norman: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Okay, Mr. Expert! Explain to the universe how it's okay that my existence defies all known laws of physics!
Michael Norman: I think you'd have to explain that to me, because you're the first ghost I've ever met.
Space Ghost: I'm the first ghost you've ever met? I thought you were the expert!
Michael Norman: I've not seen a ghost up until today, so, uh, I suppose this is my, my scariest encounter, but it's been very benign, and a very nice encounter, uh, if, if I might say so.
Space Ghost: Of course you may, Mr. Expert!
Michael Norman: How long have you been a ghost?
Space Ghost: Me? (pause) Oh, thirty-odd years, give or take.
Michael Norman: What caused you to be a ghost?
Space Ghost: Um... an accident.
Michael Norman: Oh. I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Oh, that's okay. It was a long time ago, I'm much better... since, the accident (voice echoes)
Michael Norman: Uh, what kind of an accident?
Space Ghost: Oh, you know. Farming.
Michael Norman: A farming accident. What happened in the farming accident?
Space Ghost: Mmmm, we were farming, things got out of hand... it all happened so fast. It was horrible.
Michael Norman: Okay. Uh, and, and, and now...
Space Ghost: (emotionally distraught) I'm sorry... it's difficult for me... I'm, I'm sure you understand
Michael Norman: And somehow that caused you to be... to become a ghost.
Space Ghost: (normal voice) You know what? It was fishing.
Michael Norman: It was fishing.
Space Ghost: A fishing accident.
Michael Norman: You're not sure how you became a ghost, are you really a ghost, are you sort of making this up as you go along?
Zorak: (stifles a laugh)
Space Ghost: I... uhh... what, you think I'm lying?
Michael Norman: Do you require oxygen?
Space Ghost: Um... no.
Michael Norman: Well, then, I suppose you're not a living thing.
Space Ghost: Um... Oh! I mean, yes! I do! I do require oxygen!
Michael Norman: (sighs)
Space Ghost: Um, I mean, no I don't?
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Moltar: (in control room, watching a horse rearing up) Wilburrr...
Michael Norman: What, what kind of, of plane are you on?
Space Ghost: Uhhhmmm...
Michael Norman: What kind of, of level are you...
Space Ghost: I'm sorry, I don't understand the...
Michael Norman: Are you in the same dimension that I'm in, or are you in a different dimension?
Space Ghost: Um, both.
Michael Norman: You're in both, how, how do you manage that?
Space Ghost: Uh, I'm sorry, I meant the first one.
Michael Norman: Okay.
Space Ghost: That's it, yup, the first one. (aside) Hey, Moltar, this guy is trouble, why did you book him?
Moltar: Eh, you booked him yourself!
Space Ghost: I did?
Moltar: Yeah, you wanted him to write a book about you.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah.
Zorak: You could always just blast him.
Space Ghost: Oh, now Zorak...
Zorak: Blast him! Blast him!
Space Ghost: Michael, why all the probing questions? I hope you're not planning one of those silly "tell all" books that will make me look bad and...
Michael Norman: Uh, when, when you're a ghost, do you, um, did you scare, I mean, are people scared when they meet you?
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: Who, me?
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: Who wants to know?
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: You?
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: Uh, what was the question again?
Zorak: Blast him! Blast him!
Space Ghost: Do you mind, Zorak? I'm trying to do an interview here!
Zorak: Blast him! Blast him! Blast him! Blast him! Blast him!
Space Ghost: Now, Zorak, violence is not the answer...
Zorak: Blast him! Blast him! Blast him! Blast him! Blblbl... Aiieeegg!! (Space Ghost blasts Zorak)
Space Ghost: Hey Mike, when Zorak dies, will he become a ghost?
Michael Norman: Well, is he a "praying" mantis, first of all?
Space Ghost: Sometimes.
Michael Norman: Okay. Well, if he's a praying mantis, then perhaps he has prepared himself for death.
Zorak: (crisped) Bring it on!
Space Ghost: He's in his own little world, Mike. Not like you and me. You and me, Mike. Nice guys! That's what we are. The same good stock.
Michael Norman: I would, I would want to know, uh, what it's like being a ghost.
Space Ghost: Uh, what is what like?
Michael Norman: Is it lonely?
Space Ghost: Actually, I'm the only ghost on Ghost Planet.
Michael Norman: Oh, okay.
Space Ghost: (I think...)
Michael Norman: Would you like to go searching for ghosts, in, in other parts of the universe?
Space Ghost: Oh, I've tried, I've tried.
Michael Norman: Uh, how, how would you do that? Would you, uh, uh, advertise somehow, or talk to your friends?
Space Ghost: Well, I would probably take out an ad in the paper. (clears throat) "SMSG, 30, clean-shaven, seeks a like-minded SFSG who enjoys long walks underwater, Mexican fiestas, drives through hyperspace, and quiet evenings at home."
Michael Norman: Hmmm...
Space Ghost: And if that didn't work, I'd still have my sleek Phantom Cruiser.
Michael Norman: Okay, alright. And, and, how, how, how would the, the cruiser help? They would see that, and know that you're driving it, and then...
Space Ghost: And then they would associate me with the cool ride!
Michael Norman: So there are ghost babes out there?
Space Ghost: (laughs) Sure! For the pickin'. Beefy guy like me!
Michael Norman: Well, thirty years, when you're very masculine, you know, if you haven't found a space babe, can be, uh, can be a tough time.
Space Ghost: Well, I have my talk show, y'know. My hobbies.
Michael Norman: What does a ghost do to pass his time in, in the universe?
Space Ghost: Oh, not much. You know, interview people...
Michael Norman: Interview people, and so forth...
Space Ghost: Yeah, and interview people.
Michael Norman: You still consider yourself male, or...
Space Ghost: Or what?
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Or what!?
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Or what!?
Michael Norman: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Okay, Michael Norman, what's so funny?
Michael Norman: I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Tell me what you said.
Michael Norman: Well, you said you were masculine, very masculine, so I'm sure thirty years has been a long time, I'm sure.
Space Ghost: Look, Mr. Expert, I don't need you comin' on my show and makin' me feel stupid! I get enough of that from my staff!
Zorak: Yeah! That's our job!
Moltar: Yeah, back off!
Michael Norman: I'm not scared of you.
Space Ghost: You're not, eh? Well, maybe this will scare you, Mr. Expert! Boo! Booooo!! Woooooooo!! (blasts Michael off screen)
Zorak: Alright!
Space Ghost: Moltar, find me another expert! One that likes me this time, okay?
Moltar: (throws lever four times, showing a blond-haired woman, a Bill Clinton impersonator, a long-haired youth, and finally, Bill Nye) I, uh, please welcome your next guest, science guy Bill Nye.
Space Ghost: Okay, please welcome my next guest, science guy Bill Nye.
Bill Nye: It's great to be here.
Space Ghost: It's great to have you here.
Bill Nye: Yeah!
Space Ghost: Yeah!
Bill Nye: Oh yeah. (takes a deep breath) Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: Science guy, I'd like for you to explain to our young viewers why they should believe in ghosts...
Bill Nye: Okay...
Space Ghost: ... and that it's okay that I'm able to transcend all laws of physics, and appear on television.
Bill Nye: You must be part of science that we don't understand yet, that's what I figure...
Space Ghost: (with red flashing "AUDIO SCRATCH TRACK" at top of screen, counters at bottom of screen, and Bill Clinton voice) You hear that, Zorak? Keep talkin', Bill.
Bill Nye: You're from stuff that's too complicated for us at our level, right now, to get.
Space Ghost: You know what, Bill? Perhaps I am. (smile sparkles)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Ahhh...

GUEST STARSMichael NormanBill Nye
WRITERSMatt HarriganDave Willis
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerBill Wilner
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTRobin Agranoff
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaJohn KuklaTim Roche
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 25 - "Freak Show"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:25
Title:Freak Show
Original Air Date:May 21, 1996
Guest Stars:Wylie Gustafson, Bill Manspeaker (of Green Jellÿ)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Brief glimpse of Commander Andy during static-filled screen)
Space Ghost: (to Wylie on monitor) It's the oldest thing in the universe, man. I'm working in a vacuum for the better part of three years, who tells me anything except the audience... (Wylie disappears from monitor)
Commander Andy: (appears on monitor) Mr. Ghost, Mr. ...
Space Ghost: Moltar, what happened to Wylie?
Moltar: Not my fault.
Space Ghost: But I wasn't finished talking to him.
Moltar: (on the monitor) It's not my fault!
Space Ghost: Did I say it was? Man, you don't have to get huffy with me!
Commander Andy: (replaces Moltar on monitor) nuqneH, Space Ghost, prepare yourself for a dose of my spank ray! I'm your worst nightmare! Warp factor nine and prosper! I'll be back! (image disappears from monitor)
Zorak: (stares in shock) Whoa!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings there, o people my people! Tonight, we've got a really fun show lined up for you that we think you be just tickled about! Wylie Gustafson of "Wylie and the Wild West Picture Show" is here, and he's going to yodel for us! (short pause) Isn't that grand? (short pause) Please say "hey now" to Zorak and the Original Way Outs!
(Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk with western saloon-type piano music)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Please welcome Wylie Gustafson! (Wylie on monitor lowering from the ceiling) Hello, Wylie, welcome to the show!
Wylie Gustafson: Alright, thank you.
Space Ghost: Wylie's gonna yodel for us, right, Wylie?
Wylie Gustafson: Yeah! I can do that. Uh ... (disappears from monitor, replaced by Commander Andy)
Commander Andy: Be-de-be-de-be-de-be-de-be-de, I'm back, buck! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Aw, crimony in the bucket! Moltar, are you behind all of this?
Moltar: I didn't do it, it's some kind of pirate channel!
Space Ghost: Well, can't you trace it?
Commander Andy: Tracing will do you no good, Space Ghost. I am on an undetraceable sub-space frequency that is carried on a carrier beam that is disguised as a normal holiday Romulan holiday greeting.
Space Ghost: Uh-kay. Sparky, I don't know what you did to the yodeler, but when I find out where you are, I ...
Commander Andy: Silence! I want to talk to Zorak.
Zorak: (looks back)
Commander Andy: Hi, Zorak.
Zorak: What!?
Commander Andy: Gimme some gum! (laughs)
Zorak: Geek!
Space Ghost: Yeah, geek. Release your satellite transmission this instant!
Commander Andy: Oh, but that would go against my prime directive, Space Ghost. You see, my ultimate plan is to ... (he is interrupted by his mother, off camera) (shouting) What? ... No, I'm not, I'm not doin' anything... no, I did... I did that already... I said, I already did the dishes...
Space Ghost: Look, Moltar, he's distracted.
Commander Andy: (in background) I did... No! You didn't say you wanted them dried...
Moltar: Let's see what this scrambler blast does. (throws lever) (Wylie returns to the monitor, playing his guitar and yodeling)
Space Ghost: (after song finishes) Ahhhh, now that was soothing! Er, sorry about the interruption, Wylie, some nuthead from... Er, where was he from, Moltar?
Moltar: Ah, the trace only got as far as Rigel IV.
Space Ghost: Well, wherever he was from, he interrupted our feed! And that's why, er, we, you know, he, um... (short cough) Hey, Wylie, how about doing a yodel for me?
Wylie Gustafson: (singing and playing guitar)He did the Space Ghost yodel, (yodels)The Space Ghost yodel, (yodels)The Space Ghost yodel, (yodels)(longer yodeling, big finish)
Space Ghost: Now Wylie, have you ever been to the Grand Old... (clears throat) excuse me... Have you ever been to the... (coughs loudly) Zorak, be a dear and get me some water.
Zorak: Is that my only part in this show? A water bug? (Space Ghost coughs loudly in background) Look, I'm a mantis, not a silverfish!
Space Ghost: (stops coughing) Huh?
Wylie Gustafson: Uh...
Zorak: You know, silverfish. A tiny active fresh water crustacean, found mainly in the southwestern United States.
Moltar: I think you're describing a water flea.
Space Ghost: Yup, I think that's a water flea. How 'bout it, Wylie? Water flea or no?
Wylie Gustafson: I'll, I think so, yeah.
Zorak: Well, it all winds up meaning that I have a crappy part in this week's show!
Space Ghost: Mantises, eh, Wylie?
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Wylie Gustafson: When I was in college, I was in a, a rock band, but then after playing rock for a while, I went back to country, because, you know, you can't yodel in rock and roll. (starts playing his guitar)
Space Ghost: Oh, I know, tell me about it! (to audience) We're back with Wylie Gustafson of "Wylie and the Wild West Picture Show". He's a yodeleer. Now tell me, Citizen, how big of an influence was "Hee Haw" on your career?
Wylie Gustafson: A huge influence. Uh, "Hee Haw" was probably my most watched show, when I was a kid.
Space Ghost: Hey Zorak, do you remember Junior Samples, that lovable fat used car dealer?
Zorak: (banjo music in background) (with hillbilly accent) Jes' call B R five four nine! (holding sign which says "BR-549")
Space Ghost: So, do you remember him? (Wylie disappears from monitor, replaced by Commander Andy again)
Commander Andy: (Minnie Pearl style) How-dy! "Lombaak ecree oplom ah-plee ozona ah-ah."
Zorak: (stares in shock)
Space Ghost: (sarcastically) Can I help you?
Commander Andy: That's what Zorak said when he controlled your brain, in Episode 6, the "Banjo" episode. 'Member?
Zorak: What a maroon!
Space Ghost: You know, you're only amusing yourself, son.
Commander Andy: "Why do we always hurt the ones we love? Banjo! Banjo! Banjo!"
Space Ghost: By the way, mister, for your information, the "Banjo" episode was Episode number 7, not 6. You're busted!
Commander Andy: Oh, that's right! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...
Space Ghost: You know, you just think about that, son, maybe you'll be a little more careful next time. (makes "power band" moves) Now release the dang feed!
Commander Andy: Ah! (makes his own power band moves) testy, testy! Got a few demands that need to be met before I relinquish my control.
Space Ghost: Moltar, what is going on with the feed?
Moltar: It's not my fault!
Commander Andy: Alright, here are my demands, Space Man, Space Master. Get it? The Professor! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Yeah. Moltar!!
Moltar: I'm working on it!
Commander Andy: Moltar cannot help you anymore, Space Guy. 'Cause my power's much too strong for that molten man.
Space Ghost: Who are you?
Commander Andy: I am Commander... wait, hold on... (goes off camera)
Moltar: Stinkin' pirates! (throwing lever, trying to break the feed)
Commander Andy: (returns with paper towel tube with one sheet still attached) I'm back. (tears off the last sheet and talks through the tube) I'm Commander Andy of the Cosmos! I've come to take over your show! (talks normally) I'm a big fan!
Space Ghost: I believe you had some demands?
Commander Andy: Oh yeah, I want some free stuff. I want free coffee mugs like you have in the commissary. I want free T-shirts, the kind that don't shrink. And I want a free replica of the Phantom Cruiser, not the crappy 80's version. (Herndon's face appears on screen as he talks)
Space Ghost: (smugly) Uh huh. Is that all?
Herndon: Want an autograph.
Commander Andy: Oh, yes, and my cousin Herndon wants an autograph.
Space Ghost: Well, aren't you sweet! I'm sure I'd be happy to...
Commander Andy: (Herndon whispers to him) No, he wants Zorak and Moltar's autograph. And some gum. (laughs)
Zorak: Dorkly.
Commander Andy: Hey! I want to know what the deal was with Episode number 11. The one with the storyteller guy.
Space Ghost: I don't know what you're talking about.
Commander Andy: You know the one! Uh, I had a party over here, at my place, to watch a whole new episode of Space Ghost, like they advertise, but really it was this crappy rehashing of two old episodes.
Space Ghost: I'm afraid you'll have to direct those questions to our friends in programming. They can be reached at area code...
Commander Andy: 'Cause you really disappointed me when... (his phone rings, he answers it) Hello? ... Oh, it's you, Scully... Is Mulder investigating the disturbance in Roswell, New Mexico? ... Yeah? ...
Space Ghost: Pssst! Quick, Moltar! Now's our chance!
Moltar: Ah, I wonder what this lever does? (throws it, all power dies, screen goes blank, test tone is heard) Whoops!
Space Ghost: (inviso sound) Did you get it?
Moltar: Hey! Don't sneak up on me like that!!
Space Ghost: Did it work?
Moltar: Uh... I don't know. (turns power back on, Space Ghost and Moltar are in control room)
Space Ghost: Well, at least you got him to shut up. (invisos back to desk) So, is the yodeler totally gone? Sayonara?
Moltar: He's gone. And it's not my fault!
Space Ghost: Eh, anyone else for me to talk to?
Moltar: Well, uh, maybe... let's see here (throws lever, weird character appears, with makeup, costume and fake hands)
Bill Manspeaker: Hello, Mr. Space Ghost, where are you?
Space Ghost: And just who are you supposed to be?
Bill Manspeaker: I'm 100% stupid.
Space Ghost: (pause) Moltar, do you have any non-freaks to put in my monitor?
Moltar: Well... uh... no.
Space Ghost: Oh, well that's just great!
Bill Manspeaker: Where's Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, shut up!
Bill Manspeaker: I want Space Ghost now, where is he?
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: Are you like Jeannie or Bewitched?
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: First we start it off with a little guitar (plays air guitar chord) And then I go, "Yeaaaaaah!" And then the girls go, "Woooooo!" And then I go, "Hot mamas!" And then they go, "And here's a whole bunch o' money!" And then I take all the money and then I go out and I try to buy Apple Jacks, but do you know what, the secret service is coming, and they start hittin' me, and they're hittin', stop hittin' me, who's talkin' to me, stop it!
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: You look like a woman on the TV.
Space Ghost: Okay, that's it. I can't take this anymore.
Bill Manspeaker: Space Ghost, no, don't leave me!
Space Ghost: (zaps the monitor with his destructo ray) Anybody have any idea who that was?
Zorak: Some lost soul, cowering behind a cheap costume, afraid to reveal his true identity.
Space Ghost: (glares at Zorak) (Commander Andy reappears on monitor) Aw, for the love of Don Bohannon! What now?
Commander Andy: I am not amused. If I was in the same room with you right now I would give you the Vulcan nerve pinch and knock you out.
Space Ghost: Uh-kay. I've had all I need out of you, mister house-breaking wee-wee pants. (zaps the monitor with his destructo ray, but ray bounces back) Aaa!
Commander Andy: (laughs) You see, I've installed this in-, this new ultra-galactic spheroidal backlash wompoma. It, it prevents you from harming me or any of my equipment through reverse transmission. Oh, and I have one more demand.
Space Ghost: What do you want?!
Commander Andy: Actually, it's two more demands. I want a jump rope, with, with the wooden handles so, like, it's easy to turn. I want Super Elastic Bubble Plastic.
Zorak: More lines for Zorak.
Commander Andy: Lines for Zorak, yes, some more of those. A lockable diary.
Space Ghost: Aaargh! Anything else?
Commander Andy: Yes. I want a little brother. (pause) And that's it.
Space Ghost: (deep sigh)
Commander Andy: Oh yes, and one more thing. I want at least one episode of Space Ghost to have a decent ending, not one that just is abruptly interrupted by the theme
(Credits roll)
Commander Andy: Cop out, cop out, cop out!
(Credits finish)
Commander Andy: Ohhh, oh, oh, whoa, just one more thing. One! (laughs)

GUEST STARSWylie GustafsonBill Manspeaker(of Green Jellÿ)
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
COMMANDER ANDYAndy Merrill
HERNDONDave Willis
WRITERAndy Merrill
EDITORSBill WilnerJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
CAMERADon Bohannon
AUDIOMichael Reff
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTIsabel Gonzalez
SPECIAL THANKSBill ChapmanHanna-Barbera
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 26 - "Switcheroo"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:26
Title:Switcheroo
Original Air Date:June 4, 1996
Guest Stars:Susan Olsen, Elvira
Synopsis:You'll need a scorecard to keep track of who's who when Space Ghost's evil twin brother Chad tries to take over the show!  In between coup attempts, Space Ghost and Chad interview special guests Thuthan... Susan Olsen and Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.(Synopsis by Lance Slacksless)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Space Ghost: It seems that every time I use the men's room around here, there's no toilet tissue. Is it too much to ask that when you people use up the toilet tissue, you replace it? Is that so hard? It's not brain surgery, y'know.
Zorak: Don't look at me! I don't use the men's room! I use the little mantis's room, down the hall.
Moltar: I don't go to the bathroom.
Space Ghost: Get out! Everyone goes to the bathroom! Even Audrey Hepburn went to the bathroom!
Moltar: Well, I don't! My metabolism naturally processes all my body waste. No muss, no fuss.
Space Ghost: That's disgusting.
Moltar: Aaaah, you're just jealous.
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greetings, citizens! I'm Space Ghost! Joining us tonight, little miss Cindy Brady herself, Susan Olsen! And, that scary Halloween schtickster girl, Elvira.
Zorak: Yeah, yeah, get on with it! Space Ghost glares at Zorak and invisos over to desk.
(Space Ghost glares at Zorak and invisos over to desk)
Space Ghost: My first guest is that adorable little Brady moppet, the youngest one in curls, Susan Olsen.
(Monitor lowers with Susan)
Susan Olsen: Yes!
Space Ghost: Hey there, Susan.
Susan Olsen: Hello.
Space Ghost: "Susan, Susan, bo-busan, banana-fana-fo-fusan, me-mi-mo-musan..." (clears throat) hee hee hee... Susan, welcome to my show! How are you today?
Susan Olsen: I'm fine, how are you?
Space Ghost: De-lightful! I'm a big fan of you Brady kids. I have all your albums!
Zorak: It's true! I scratched them all myself!
Space Ghost: Susan, does it terrify you to be on a talk show with a host as mighty as me?
Susan Olsen: Ummm, well, no, because I actually hadn't heard of this show...
Space Ghost: Oh, I see.
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Well...
Susan Olsen: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Susan, has being a Brady ever held you back? You know, professionally?
Susan Olsen: It was very difficult to get acting roles afterwards, because, y'know, I got very typecast...
Space Ghost: (laughs) Typecast, huh? (lisping) Hey, thay thomething "Thindy" to the audienthe, Thuthan.
Susan Olsen: (lisping) Theven thilver thwans twam thilently theaward.
Zorak: (lisping) Thacre bleu! I'm gonna be thick!
Moltar: Theriouthly!
Chad Ghostal: (over PA system) Attention! Attention! Would the owner of a yellow Phantom Cruiser, license plate "S GHOST 1", please return to your ship, you're parked in an illegal towing zone.
Zorak: That's you, stupid!
Space Ghost: Mmmmm? Oh... (mutters) Hold the fort, guys, I'll be right back. (he flies off) ("whoosh!")
Moltar: Er...
Zorak: Hi, Susan!
Susan Olsen: Hello!
Zorak: Look, every time I move my arm, it costs the Cartoon Network forty-two bucks! (evil laugh) Look, look! (moves his arm back and forth repeatedly) 42, 84, 126, ...
(Chad impersonates Space Ghost, looking identical except for his voice, a mustache and goatee)
Chad Ghostal: (bounds in to desk) Sorry to keep you waiting, but here I am, Spaaace Ghooost!
Zorak: (stares in shock)
Moltar: How's the car?
Chad Ghostal: What's it to ya, volcano breath?
Moltar: Huh?!
Chad Ghostal: Alrighty! Now, what do we have here? Hmmm... So, you're one of those Brady kids, right?
Susan Olsen: (puzzled) Uhhh...
Chad Ghostal: Hmmm, you're not too bad looking. You must be the older, hotsy totsy one.
Susan Olsen: Say what? (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: Marsha, right? Oops, I meant Cindy! Crazy me! (laughs)
Susan Olsen: They, they, they always confuse us. (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: Yeah, sure they do. Maybe at the eye clinic, babe. You're the one who wore those bizarre little curls. How do you pull off a hair style like that anyway? Electroshock?
Susan Olsen: Yeah, yeah, and of course, I had to sleep with nine curlers on either side of my head every night, so I learned to sleep on my back.
Chad Ghostal: (yawns in boredom)
Susan Olsen: It was painful.
Chad Ghostal: Well, maybe you deserved it. Ever think of that?
Susan Olsen: Well, now, wait a minute...
Chad Ghostal: Hey, are you related to those Olsen twins?
Susan Olsen: Um, no...
Chad Ghostal: Because they're really freaky, y'know? They look like those awful troll dolls. I couldn't... (his communicator starts beeping) Oops, be right back (he flies off) ("whoosh!")
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk) Hi, Susan, sorry that took so long.
Susan Olsen: (amused) Uh huh...
Zorak: Eh... uh... Ah, skip it.
Space Ghost: So, Susan, I was wondering, how's that Melvin the meat guy doing?
Susan Olsen: Um, well I think you're referring to Sam the butcher...
Space Ghost: Whatever, meat's meat. Do you think you could get me a good beef deal with him? A manly physique like mine requires a lot of sirloin!
Susan Olsen: Oh boy, well, y'know, he's not in business anymore, he, y'know, since he went to rehab and, I, I think he's in jail.
Space Ghost: Egad! Well, that's the free marketplace for you.
Zorak: Get a grip, Space Ghost! It was a TV show! Sam the butcher wasn't real!
Susan Olsen: This is true! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Oh, just a TV show, eh? Not real, eh? Well, what does that make you, Mr. Doubting Mantis?
Zorak: Well, y'know, um, uh... aargh.. so sue me.
Space Ghost: (sniff sniff) I smell popcorn. Does anyone else smell popcorn?
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
(Monitor shows zoomed in picture of an eyeball, everybody screams)
Space Ghost: Aaagh! Get it off, get it off, get it off! (he blasts it with his destructo ray) Moltar, what in the wide world of extreme sports was that?
Moltar: Heck if I know! Weird!
Zorak: Eerie.
(Phone starts ringing; everyone looks at each other.)
Moltar: (finally answers it after 7 rings) Hey, Space Ghost! Phone!
Space Ghost: Take a message.
Moltar: It's TV's Bonnie Franklin!
Space Ghost: TV's Bonnie Franklin?
Moltar: I think she's got a part for you.
Space Ghost: Really? Susan, don't move a muscle, I'll be right back! (he flies off) ("whoosh!")
Chad Ghostal: (invisos in to desk)
Zorak: What did TV's Bonnie Franklin have to say?
Chad Ghostal: Oh, well, none of your bee's wax. (looks at Susan) What's she still doing here? Who's next? (looks at his card) Whoa, mama! Moltar! Next guest!
Moltar: But, uh...
Chad Ghostal: Give me that walking, talking, hubba-hubba-looking dead chick, now!
Moltar: Oh, you mean Elvira!
Chad Ghostal: Of course I mean Elvira! What'cha got, rocks in your head?
Moltar: Well, actually...
Chad Ghostal: Shut up and give me Elvira.
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, yeah. (throws switch, sending her to the studio monitor)
Chad Ghostal: Heyyyy, baby, thanks for coming on my show!
Elvira: Hey, Space Ghost, thank you for having me... so to speak.
Chad Ghostal: Are you getting enough oxygen in there?
Elvira: (laughs) What, in my dress, or in this room?
Chad Ghostal: She's saucy! So, what have you been doin' with yourself, ya little minx?
Elvira: Well, gotta lot of things goin'...
Chad Ghostal: Really!
Elvira: Trying to get a new movie going.
Chad Ghostal: Mmm hmm, cinema, good!
Elvira: Uh, "Elvira vs. The Vampire Women".
Chad Ghostal: (makes "cat growl" sound)
Elvira: Working on a new book series, for young adults.
Chad Ghostal: You go, little vampire girl. I hope you've got a plush, satin-lined coffin, for all the beauty sleep you must take.
Elvira: Um, actually, I don't sleep in a coffin, I find a bed much more comfortable.
Zorak: Hey, Space Ghost! (while Chad is talking) Space Ghost! Space Ghost!
Chad Ghostal: (ignores Zorak) So do I. To me, beds are like graves, sweetie pie! 'Cause I dig 'em both!
Zorak: Space Ghost!
Chad Ghostal: What!?
Zorak: Eh... are you feeling alright, Space Ghost? Not that I care, it's just that there's, something different about you tonight. I can't quite put my pincer on it...
Chad Ghostal: (with a handlebar mustache and curlier beard now) Different? How so?
Zorak: You're a little more... uh... rico suave all of a sudden.
Chad Ghostal: (now sporting yet a different mustache and beard) (smiles, with bullfight music in background; his communicator beeps again) Oops! I'll be right back, gorgeous! And we'll get down to it!
Elvira: Ooooo, sounds interesting!
Chad Ghostal: (flies off) ("whoosh!")
Space Ghost: (bounds back in) Stupid prank call. Rotten kids!
Elvira: (smiles at him)
Space Ghost: Aaaagh! A vampire!
Moltar: It's not a vampire, Space Ghost, it's Elvira!
Space Ghost: (in low voice) What's she doing here? Where's Susan?
Moltar: You told me to get rid of her!
Space Ghost: I did not! Moltar, you get the scary hoochie-coochie girl off my monitor and get me Susan!
Moltar: Yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda... (throws switch, sends Elvira away and brings Susan back)
Space Ghost: So Susan, did you know I was on TV in the seventies too?
Susan Olsen: That's funny, 'cause...
(Doorbell rings, three times)
Offcamera Voice: Trick or treat!
Space Ghost: Just a minute! I'll be right back, Susie. (invisos out)
Chad Ghostal: (bounds back in)
Zorak: Yow!
Chad Ghostal: What's the matter, Zorak? You're acting like you've just seen a ghost! (laughs) Moltar, Elvira!
Moltar: Hunh?
Chad Ghostal: I said Elvira! Now, now, now! (pounds fist)
Moltar: Ehh, here we go again!
Chad Ghostal: Nothin' personal, sister, you're a Mary Ann, and I need a Ginger!
Susan Olsen: Um, ...
Moltar: (throws switch again, sending Susan away again and bringing Elvira back)
Chad Ghostal: Hey, baby, have you ever.. dated a ghost?
Elvira: Well, uh, in my.. wildest dreams, I have.
Chad Ghostal: Well then how's about steppin' out with a ghost, like me?
Elvira: Would I go out with a ghost like you? Ask me again.
Chad Ghostal: (scoots closer) How about you and me cause some trouble tonight, hmmm, dark lady?
Elvira: Oh, excellent!
Zorak: Aaugh, thanks for that image!
Chad Ghostal: So, after the show?
Elvira: Sounds good to me!
Chad Ghostal: Just you and me, alone, in the cold dead emptiness... of space (dance music starts in background) (Chad and Elvira wink & blink at each other)
Space Ghost: (bounds back in, while Chad is still there)
Chad Ghostal: Ugh!
Space Ghost: Aaagh!
Moltar: (gibbers) What!
Space Ghost: What in the name of Jumanji is going on here? Who's this?
Chad Ghostal: Well, I'm Space Ghost, baby.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost baby? I'm Space Ghost!
Chad Ghostal: I am!
Space Ghost: I am!
Chad Ghostal: Me!
Space Ghost: Me!
Chad Ghostal: Me!
Space Ghost: Me!
Chad Ghostal: Me me me me me me...
Space Ghost: Me me me me me me... (in unison)
Chad Ghostal: Alright, I'll admit it! I'm not Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: You're not?
Chad Ghostal: No, I'm really... (dramatic sting music) Chad Ghostal, Tad's previously unseen evil twin escaped lunatic brother!
Space Ghost: Chad! What are you doing here?
Chad Ghostal: Well, I believe the TV Guide calls it a guest shot.
Space Ghost: No no no, I mean, what do you want?
Chad Ghostal: The usual. Pain, suffering, misery...
Elvira: Mmmmm!
Space Ghost: But why, Chad? Why?
Chad Ghostal: It's how I get my kicks, Tad-ikins. 'Cause I'm Chad Ghostal, Evil Twin. Right, baby? (cat growl)
Elvira: Alright.
Chad Ghostal: Brace yourself for a sound butt-kicking, Tad. In 3D, and sensurround.
Space Ghost: Ha! Don't bet on it, Chad!
Zorak: Hey, Moltar! Fifty bucks on the evil twin! (Holds up sign saying "ROUND 1")
(Fight bell rings, and crowd noise begins. Tad and Chad faces off, then phone rings)
Moltar: Uh, guys, its... it's your mother.
Space Ghost: Mother?! (gasp)
Chad Ghostal: Mother?! (gasp)
Mom Ghostal: Tad! Chad! I want you both to stop this nonsense this minute! You hear me?
Space Ghost: He started it!
Chad Ghostal: Did not!
Space Ghost: Did too!
Mom Ghostal: Shut up, the both of you! Now Chad, I've spoken to you before about you trying to kill your brother, haven't I? Now you two stop fighting and be good, okay?
Chad Ghostal: Okay, love you, Mom, Mommy, please forgive me, I'm sorry, Mommy.
Space Ghost: Sorry, Mom, love you Mom.
Mom Ghostal: Well, I gotta go, my story's on. Bye bye, sugars!
Space Ghost: Bye, Mommy!
Chad Ghostal: Bye, Mommy! (phone hangs up) Well, Tad, it's been real! Real stupid! Hey Elvira, you rocket from the crypt, you! I am outta here!
Elvira: Alright! So am I! (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: See you in the green room, in five!
Elvira: Unpleasant dreams!
Chad Ghostal: (flies off) ("whoosh!")
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Well, you know what they say. (laughs) Any show you can walk away from is a good one.
Lokar: (bounds in, looking exactly like Space Ghost but smaller) Spaaaace Ghoooost! Ah!
Zorak: Oh, brother!
Space Ghost: (sighs) What is it now, Chad?
Lokar: Excuse me, I am Space Ghost, you duplicitous imposter! Beloved television r-r-r-raconteur and intergalactic do-gooder!
Zorak: (sighs) Give it up, Lokar, it's been done, to death!
Lokar: Ehh, Lokar? But I am Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: No, I'm Space Ghost!
Lokar: Alas and alack, I am scuttled! You've found me out! (pulls his mask off) You big lumpy lump!
Space Ghost: (blasts him with destructo ray)
(Credits roll)
Elvira: (laughs) Okay!
("whoosh!")

GUEST STARSSusan OlsenElvira
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSEric SantacroceJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerBrad AbelleMabel IslerAndy MerrillJoseph Dursun
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTIsabel Gonzalez
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSBill ChapmanButch SeibertDave Sillman
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaOliver NicholsHarriet LazzoSharon WillisMary HarriganFrances Crofford(inverted) Mary Anna RochePhyllis McEwen
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 27 - "Surprise"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:27
Title:Surprise
Original Air Date:June 18, 1996
Guest Stars:Vinnie Dombroski, Jimmie Walker, Mike Watt, Dennis Diken, Pat DiNizio, Juliana Hatfield, Ben Folds, Cameron Diaz, Mark McEwen, Wes Johnson, Dr. Robert Bakker, Matt Talbott, Judy Tenuta, Lori Fetrick, Steve Henneberry, Method Man, Jill Cunniff, Rodney Trevon Oliver, Rev. Norbert St. Louis, Les Claypool, Larry Lalonde, Bobcat Goldthwait

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Set is empty, with only Zorak on the bandstand)
Zorak: Pssst, Moltar! Is the Ghost around?
Moltar: (laughs) Okay, get this! I told him he had a package, down in the mail room. (laughs) I laid a buncha traps for him, along the way. Y'know, to slow him down a little.
Zorak: (laughs) Good one!
Space Ghost: (fighting a giant stone creature) You want a piece of me? Well, COME GET SOME! Ow!
Moltar: His birthday is today.
Zorak: So what?
Moltar: I kinda want to give him a surprise party. And I'm gonna round up the Council of Doom to "help out". (laughs) That's "help out" with quotes around it.
Zorak: (laughs) Lordy lord lord! You're sick!
Space Ghost: (on the monitor, fighting a giant blue robot) You want a piece of me? Well, come... (robot pounds him into the ground) Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Moltar: So, you and the band can do the music, right? Y'know, your standard party gig. He'll be thirty this year!
Zorak: Thirty? (impersonating Gary Coleman) Whatch'you talkin' 'bout, Moltar?
Moltar: I'm serious! Dead serious, if you know what I mean! (laughs)
Zorak: Ahh! I get it! Surprise! (evil laugh)
Moltar: Yeah! Surprise! Boom! (evil laugh) (long pause) Hey Zorak!
Zorak: What?
Moltar: Boom! (both laugh)
Space Ghost: (still being pounded into the ground) If this is a bad time, I can check back.
(Opening theme & titles)
(Studio is empty and silent; Zorak looks around)
Zorak: Moltar! Has Space Ghost made it to the mail room yet?
Moltar: (throws a lever, revealing Space Ghost on the monitor, being attacked by a space spider) Ehh, he's gonna be a while.
Zorak: Well, I'm gonna take over the show until he returns... if he returns! (evil laugh)
Moltar: Yeah, whatever.
Zorak: "Zorak Coast to Coast." Mmm, I rather like that. Christy, play me to the desk!
(Christy plays Zorak to the desk)
Zorak: Please welcome my first guest. (screen lowers with Vinnie) Identify yourself!
Vinnie Dombroski: Um, I, I'm Vinnie.
Zorak: Uh huh.
Vinnie Dombroski: From the band "Sponge".
Zorak: Mmm, never heard of ya.
Vinnie Dombroski: Oh, ah...
Zorak: (blasts him)
(In the control room)
Moltar: The big 3-0, thirty big ones.
Black Widow: Thirty, mmmm...
Moltar: So, what do ya think, he shows up here promptly at three o'clock every day, you could do the studio up all nice with your webs and all.
Black Widow: What do you mean?
Moltar: You know, streamers, lanterns, little webby basket party favors, all that crap. He likes those frilly things.
Black Widow: How about a little something that will ensnare the ghost and strangle his soul and place his consciousness into a never ending painful inferno! ¡Los supremos tormentos!
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, crap like that!
(In the studio)
Zorak: Make me laugh!
Jimmie Walker: (laughs) Two teens and a monkey, well...
Zorak: Good one! (blasts him) Make me laugh!
Mike Watt: (laughs)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
(In the control room)
Black Widow: (to Moltar) Now, how about noisemakers? We hand out earplugs to everyone except the ghost, and toot our little horns! Blam! Damaged ear canal! (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
(In the mail room)
Space Ghost: Hey, how's it going? Package for Space Ghost, please.
Mailroom Guy: Ghost, ghost, ghost. Hmmm... Nope, no Ghost here.
Space Ghost: Check under Ghostal.
(In the studio
Zorak: Hello, Smithereens. How would you like it if I blew you to smithereens! (evil laugh)
Dennis Diken: (laughs)
Pat DiNizio: (laughs)
Zorak: Naw, I guess that's kinda dumb.
Dennis Diken: Yeah.
Pat DiNizio: Yeah.
Zorak: Yeah, it's stupid.
Pat DiNizio: Yosemite Sam would say, "I'll blow you varmints to smithereens".
Zorak: (blasts them) I don't watch that show.
(In the control room)
Moltar: (to Metallus) It'll be beautiful, man! Beautiful!
Metallus: (drones)
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah!
Metallus: (drones)
Moltar: (laughs hysterically)
(In the studio)
Zorak: Welcome to my show. Are you getting enough oxygen, my sweet?
Juliana Hatfield: (long pause) Um...
Zorak: Ah, what do I care? (blasts her)
Ben Folds: You're Zorak!
Zorak: You're gone! (blasts him)
(In the mailroom)
Space Ghost: Uhhh, what do you mean, "I need ID"?
Mailroom Guy: How do I know you're not some imposter? I mean, if you were from another dimension, and ended up being an evil twin, a clone or something.
Space Ghost: I beg your pardon! I believe I saved this whole department from The Diabolical Mailer! I saved you all, and this is the thanks I get!
Mailroom Guy: Saved lives or not, sir, I still need to see ID.
Space Ghost: Holy Tim Schnack! You guys are worse than payroll!
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Zorak: Thanks for coming back, folks. Space Ghost is, ah... out. So I'll be filling in for him until he returns.
Cameron Diaz: (giggles)
Zorak: Who are you?
Cameron Diaz: Hewwo, Joe. (giggles)
Zorak: Supermodels say the darnedest things!
Cameron Diaz: (giggles)
Zorak: You're gone! (blasts her)
(In the control room)
Lokar: All r-r-right, how's this? (Hawaiian music in background) We have a Polynesian bovine feast, a luau if you will.
Moltar: Uh huh.
Lokar: Yes, yes, yes, and we'll call it "Lu Wow", exclamation point! And we'll have Black Widow pass out leis, with a little kissy for each in attendance, and we'll caper about in our little grass pinafores to delicious calypso melodies, and we'll limbo until dawn and then some. Oh, it will be glorious!
Moltar: Wait, wait, wait, wait! That's going a bit overboard, don't you think?
Lokar: Oh, I see, you want to downplay it. Well then, how about Mar-di G-r-ras? (Dixieland jazz music in background) Fanciful hats and disguises, body paint, capering about in the hedges! Oh, and the dancing! And don't forget the crawfish! Don't forget to pinch the tail! (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) Oh, no, no, no, no, no! We want to get in close and personal. And then, WHAM! (evil laugh) Hit him hard! Humiliate him! Make the baby cry! (evil laugh)
Lokar: Oh, aren't we the bitter little spitfire!
(In the mailroom)
Space Ghost: Oh, for humanity! If I were, say, Superman, and I wanted to pick up a package for Clark Kent...
Mailroom Guy: He'd need ID.
Space Ghost: Spiderman for Peter Parker?
Mailroom Guy: ID.
Space Ghost: Batman for Bruce Wayne, or that poser Adam West?
Mailroom Guy: ID!
Space Ghost: Wonder Woman for Diana Prince?
Mailroom Guy: What are you getting at, mister?
Space Ghost: How'd you like it if I zapped you good?
(In the control room)
Lokar: Well, how about a fifties motif? (Fifties music in background) I'll pretend to be R-r-reggie, the loathsome miscreant from the w-r-rong side of the t-r-racks.
Moltar: Likin' it.
Lokar: You, my good man, can be Molly, my good times gal, torn between her cherished beau and her wealthy patrician family that despises his vulgar ways.
Moltar: Yeah, and, uh, the ghost?
Lokar: Pigtails and a poodle skirt!
Moltar: Yes! (evil laugh)
Lokar: I'll be right over, meine liebschen! Shall we cater?
Moltar: No, that's already taken care of. (throws a switch, Lokar disappears and is replaced by Tansut)
Tansut: Hey, fellow helmeteer! Predicate!
Moltar: Tansut, my man!
(In the studio)
Mark McEwen: You want to see me do my Ramones impersonation?
Zorak: Okay.
Mark McEwen: "One two three four." That's it.
Zorak: Wait a second. You're not Al Roker!
Mark McEwen: (scats)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Wes Johnson: Hey, we outta here?
Zorak: Yeah.
Wes Johnson: Alright.
Zorak: (blasts him)
(In the control room)
Tansut: Can we jab him?
Moltar: Sure.
Tansut: Can we poke at him?
Moltar: You can do that.
Tansut: Can we crumple him?
Moltar: Sure! Whatever you want.
Tansut: Can we hit him with the rusty metal?
Moltar: Eh, what rusty metal?
Tansut: You know, the rusty metal!
Moltar: Eh, yeah, of course!
Tansut: Last time you wouldn't let me hit him with the rusty metal!
Moltar: Hey, now, I didn't say that!
Tansut: You did, you said that the rusty metal would cut him...
Moltar: Yeah, well, well...
Tansut: And you said that the rusty metal might give him an infection. You did, you said that! That's what you said!
Moltar: Well... (sigh) Now I'm saying different.
Tansut: So now you're saying different.
Moltar: Look, are you coming over or not?
Tansut: I, I don't know. I'll have to think about it.
Moltar: Ohhhh, don't be that way!
Tansut: Well...
Moltar: Well what?
Tansut: (on the verge of crying) It's just that every time you call me, I come all the way over there, and I don't get to do jack!
Moltar: You know what? I don't even care if you come to my stupid party anymore!
Tansut: Well, maybe I don't want to come!
Moltar: Well, maybe I don't want you to come!
Tansut: Oh yeah?
Moltar: Yeah!
Tansut: (pause) So, should I bring a cake or something?
Moltar: That'll be fine.
(In the mailroom)
Space Ghost: Okay, fine, I don't have an ID. Is that what you want me to say? I left it in the Phantom Cruiser. I forgot it! Now, give me my stinkin' package!
Mailroom Guy: I'm sorry, sir, but you'll have to go back to your, "Phantom Cruiser", did you call it, and get your ID, because ain't no package leaving here without one. You get me, big guy?
Space Ghost: Hey, wait. I'll let you see under my mask.
Mailroom Guy: What?!
Space Ghost: I'll let you see under my mask.
Mailroom Guy: I don't have time for this, Space Man, Space Master. You getting it?
Space Ghost: Uh...
Mailroom Guy: Next in line, please!
(In the control room)
Brak: I like to eat used cotton swabs with earwax on 'em! And, um, pieces of curb.
Moltar: No! I said, food! I need you to bring food, to the party!
Brak: What kind of food do you want me to bring?
Moltar: It has to be edible! Edible!
Brak: Uhhh, milk solids! Asparagus, Ibuprofin?
Moltar: No!
Brak: Ohhhh, I know what I like to eat!
Moltar: What?!
Brak: Boogers.
Moltar: (sigh)
Brak: I'm not a cook, I'm a villain!
(In the mailroom)
Mailroom Guy: Here's your great big package.
Space Ghost: This is it? All that trouble for this crappy little envelope?
Mailroom Guy: Look, what do you want from me? A parade?
Space Ghost: Uh...
Mailroom Guy: Huzzah!
Space Ghost: Oh, don't mock me!
(In the studio)
Dr. Robert Bakker: A nose flute, a big nose flute. L-i-i-i-i-ke that.
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Matt Talbott: I don't think I have a lot of enemies, I make a lot of friends.
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Judy Tenuta: Oh, I do look good...
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts her)
Lori Fetrick: (appears briefly)
Steve Henneberry: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts them)
Method Man: (looks at Zorak)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Jill Cunniff: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts her)
Moltar: Zorak!
Rodney Trevon Oliver: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Moltar: Zorak!
Rev. Norbert St. Louis: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts him)
Moltar: Zorak!
Les Claypool: (appears briefly)
Larry Lalonde: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're gone. (blasts them)
Moltar: ZORAK!
Bobcat Goldthwait: (appears briefly)
Zorak: You're g... What?
Moltar: Everybody's here. Lokar's got the theme figured out, Widow's decorating, Metallus will work the crowd, Tansut's got the food, and Brak, well, who knows what he's doing, and you guys got... (interrupted by noise)
Zorak: Here he comes!
Moltar: Everybody quick! Behind the drapes!
Black Widow: Shut up! Shut up! Here he comes!
Lokar: Hush up!
Black Widow: Don't touch me, you pigs!
Tansut: Hey, I think I see him.
Metallus: (drones)
Lokar: Will you please shut up!
Brak: I gotta go to the bathroom!
Space Ghost: (bounds in) Look, Zorak, look, look!
Zorak: Oooh, an envelope!
Space Ghost: Not just an envelope! It's the envelope! The envelope of goodness!
Zorak: Ehhh!! Keep it away from me!
Space Ghost: It gives me the power to get twelve CD's for a penny!
Zorak: Mmmm.
Space Ghost: Hey, what's that over there?
Zorak: What's what?
Space Ghost: What are those, drapes? Moltar, what are those drapes doing on the set?
Moltar: I don't see any drapes.
Zorak: What drapes?
Space Ghost: Well, I'm just going to blast them then.
Zorak: Uh, No!! No no no! Um, uh, er, I, I wouldn't, um, uh... (pause) okay, go ahead.
Lokar: (from behind drapes) Oh, no, don't harm me! I am a tired old set of d-r-rapes.
Space Ghost: But, you don't match my desk. (blasts them)
Council of Doom: Aargh!!
Brak: My bottom's on fire! (smoke continues to billow) Roll the credits!
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Hey, how's it goin'?
(Matt closes the door)

GUEST STARSVinnie DombroskiJimmie WalkerMike WattDennis DikenPat DiNizioJuliana HatfieldBen FoldsCameron DiazMark McEwenWes JohnsonDr. Robert BakkerMatt TalbottJudy TenutaLori FetrickSteve HenneberryMethod ManJill CunniffRodney Trevon OliverRev. Norbert St. LouisLes ClaypoolLarry LalondeBobcat Goldthwait
WRITERSAndy MerrillAlan Laddie
EDITORSBill WilnerJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerOliver NicholsAndy MerrillJudy TenutaDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefx
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTGus Jordan
TALENT ASSISTANTIsabel Gonzalez
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-Barbera
DIGITAL COMPOSITORBill Chapman
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 28 - "Glen Campbell"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:28
Title:Glen Campbell
Original Air Date:October 8, 1996
Guest Star:Matt Groening
Synopsis:Glen Campbell never shows up.  I kept waiting and waiting.  And what's more, Moltar left.  So then there was no Glen Campbell and no Moltar either.(Synopsis by Hen Solo)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Space Ghost and Zorak are watching "The Simpsons" on the monitor)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I don't get it!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Where are all the giant saucer crabs?
Zorak: Shhh! Shush!
Space Ghost: Don't "shush" me!
Zorak: Shhh!
Space Ghost: Where's Moltar?
Zorak: Shhhhhh!
Space Ghost: Moltar! "The Simpsons" are on! (pause) Er, which one's Homer again? The baby?
(In control room)
Moltar: Okay, hmmm, let's see... page 7... (flips pages) okay, "The Joy of Escape". "It was Macciavelli that once said that escape is the primary joy of...", uh, blah blah blah blah blah... ah, here we go. "To win your freedom, you must only pull the inverse phase lever." Uh, okay. That must be this gizmo here, whatever that does. Down (pulls the lever) and da! All right! (laughs) what's it! Adios, Space Ghost! (evil laugh) (he walks away) Wait, where are my keys? Oh, I got 'em. (evil laugh again, fading as he walks off)
(Back in studio)
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings citizens! My guest tonight will be cartoonist and creator of the popular "Simpsons" TV franchise empire, Matt Groening.
Zorak: Groening.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: It's "Groening". Matt Groening.
Space Ghost: That's what I said.
Zorak: No, you didn't, you said "graining".
Space Ghost: I know I said... I said "Groening"!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: I said, I said "Groening".
Zorak: Oh. Well... you're adopted.
Space Ghost: Play me to the desk.
Zorak: What? Now?
Space Ghost: Yes, now.
(Zorak and Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) You need to be more attentive.
Zorak: (looking away from Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Are you listening to me?
Zorak: Eh?
(Screen lowers with Matt Groening)
Matt Groening: Space Ghost, I salute you.
Space Ghost: At ease, citizen!
Matt Groening: Okay.
Space Ghost: Welcome to my show, Matt! Have you seen it? Do you love it?
Matt Groening: Oh, yes! I make it a habit of watching all shows that rhyme. "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", of course. "Dennis the Menace", "I Spy"...
Zorak: "Mod Squad"!
Matt Groening: "Magilla Gorilla".
Zorak: "Care Bears".
Matt Groening: "Prime Time Live", sorta rhymes.
Space Ghost: "Wings"?
Zorak: "Rin Tin Tin"!
Matt Groening: "Hey There, It's Yogi Bear".
Zorak: "Pixie and Dixie"!
Matt Groening: "Yoo Hoo, it's John Sununu".
Space Ghost: (scoots chair closer)
Matt Groening: Uh....
Space Ghost: "Space Ghost, Coast to Coast"? (pause) Ho-kay.
Matt Groening: "Tinkle and Dinkle the Ha Ha Twins".
Space Ghost: There's no such show as "Tinkle and Dinkle", Matthew! (pause) Is there?
Matt Groening: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs) You whig!
Space Ghost: Bull moose!
Zorak: Tory!
Space Ghost: Trotsky-ist!
Zorak: Rabble rouser!
Space Ghost: Dunker!
Zorak: Federalist!
Space Ghost: Hey! Love it or leave it, pal!
Matt Groening: What, eh, what are you anyway?
Space Ghost: I'm just a lineman for the county.
Matt Groening: (chuckles)
Space Ghost: I am, actually. (quietly) I am a lineman for the county.
Matt Groening: (chuckles) Hmmm...
Space Ghost: Ha! I'm a Space Ghost, you silly!
Matt Groening: You're a "Space Ghost"?
Space Ghost: Sure, why not? Is there a law?
Matt Groening: What are you a ghost of?
Space Ghost: I'm the ghost of Christmas past! (pause) Now you say, "Spirit, remove me from this place!"
Matt Groening: You remind me of Casper, the friendly ghost, sort of, except you're a space version, right? Who is Casper the ghost of, Casper the little dead boy?
Space Ghost: You wonder if I'm a little dead boy.
Matt Groening: Are you Casper grown up?
Space Ghost: Yes, Matt, all grown up!
Matt Groening: I think Casper was actually the ghost of Richie Rich. They look very similar.
Space Ghost: Quite wealthy, right?
Matt Groening: Mmm hmm.
Space Ghost: But dead.
Matt Groening: (chuckles) Right!
Space Ghost: Right.
Zorak: (in background, a la "Supertramp") You're bloody well right!
Space Ghost: Soooo, have you ever been to outer space?
Matt Groening: Uh, other than this particular show that we're doing right now, no, I have never been in outer space.
Space Ghost: Enjoying your first time?
Matt Groening: Well, you know, in outer space, no one can hear you sneeze! (laughs hysterically)
Zorak: (laughs)
Matt Groening: Oh!!!
(Shot of control room, on auto pilot)
(Back at Space Ghost's desk)
Space Ghost: Gesundheit!
Matt Groening: Thanks!
Space Ghost: So, Matt, are you beginning to feel my superhuman influence? It should feel tingly.
Matt Groening: Constantly, wherever I go. You know, I base my entire life on your teachings, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Now you're talkin'! (pause) Aren't you? Aren't you talkin' now?
Matt Groening: Let's go on, next question!
Space Ghost: Good question! Okay... (scoots chair closer) Did I mention I'm interviewing you from outer space?
Matt Groening: Yes you did.
Space Ghost: Good, because sometimes I repeat myself.
Matt Groening: The miracle of twenty-first century...
Space Ghost: I repeat myself. (laughs)
Matt Groening: What's your real name?
Space Ghost: What? My real name?
Matt Groening: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Who? Me? (pause) It's... not really all that important. (trailing off) (pause) Tad Ghostal.
Matt Groening: (laughs) I like that.
Space Ghost: I hate you, Mother.
Matt Groening: That's just what a Fox network executive said to me, uh, the other day.
Space Ghost: That's a joke. (pause) Idn't it? (short laugh) Ever eat sushi?
Matt Groening: 'S okay.
Space Ghost: Good eatin'.
Matt Groening: Mmm hmm.
Space Ghost: (scoots chair away) (clears throat) Okay, how's about some advice to the would-be cartoon animators out there?
Matt Groening: Uhhh... watch the Cartoon Network, aspire, aim for the stars. Space Ghost, listen to Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: (sings to himself) "By the time I get to Phoenix, she'll be rising..."
Matt Groening: ... I listen to Space Ghost, and look at me! I'm on the Space Ghost show!
Space Ghost: Yeah, me too.
Matt Groening: Y'know, really, it's a great show, I really like it. It's baffling, and yet confusing.
Space Ghost: Like a rhinestone cowboy, right? (scoots chair closer)
Matt Groening: Right.
Zorak: Wrong.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
(Matt is doing a puppet show with really ugly Bart and Marge Simpson marionettes; strings are all tangled up)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Matt Groening: (in "Marge" voice) Grrrr, Bart, you naughty brat!
Space Ghost: Make, make the one hit the other! Make him hit him.
Matt Groening: (in "Bart" voice) "Don't have a cow, Mom."
Space Ghost: No, move the other one! No, no, pull him back! (laughs) Make him hit him! (laughs)
Matt Groening: (in "Marge" voice) Oh, Bart, come on, I don't want... you never..." (puts the puppets down) What, what do you think?
Space Ghost: Don't put them up! This is the only fun we've had so far in this stupid show!
Matt Groening: I'm not very good at this, I've only been practicing for a few weeks.
Space Ghost: Do some more!
Zorak: Are you being sarcastic?
Space Ghost: Who's that?
Zorak: (pause) Nothin'.
Space Ghost: So, Matt, cartoon "Simpsons", funny puppet "Simpsons", how long before the live action "Simpsons"?
Matt Groening: Quite soon, as you know, animation is incredibly expensive...
Space Ghost: Oh, absolutely!
Matt Groening: ... just, I mean, the amount of money you put into this show yourself, you know what I'm talkin' about!
Space Ghost: (mouth doesn't move) Sure, I know what you mean.
Matt Groening: Exactly, and so, uh, we will definitely be doing a live action "Simpsons". Uh, and as far as Homer, I don't know, do you have any suggestions, to who should play Homer?
Space Ghost: Depends. Is Homer a superhero or an evil villain? Because I may know someone.
Matt Groening: Actually, it's good that you mention that, because, uh, we were calling him for a while "Super Homer", uh, but your people had words with my people, and, uh, it's all being, uh, y'know, it's up for litigation right now, we'll see who wins, pal! (pause) Did I say "Super Homer"? I meant to say "Space Homer". I, uh, what the... you get it! Want to do that again?
Space Ghost: We can't! We're live!
Matt Groening: Well, now you're getting silly, Space Ghost! You know...
Space Ghost: Bring back the puppets.
Matt Groening: (stares back)
Space Ghost: Please?
Matt Groening: (stares back)
Space Ghost: (sighs) Okay, talk some more about cartoons.
Matt Groening: Well, it wasn't what I always wanted to do. I was actually a philosophy major in college, but, uh, let me tell you, if you're a philosophy major in college, cartoonist is basically the only career open to you.
Space Ghost: I could have gone to college. But I didn't. And there's nothing wrong with that! Nothing!
Matt Groening: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Nothing!
Matt Groening: (chuckles)
Space Ghost: (clears his throat) Hey Matt... have you ever considered marketing the Simpsons' image on stuff? Y'know, t-shirts, coffee mugs...
Zorak: Sweater vests?
Space Ghost: Sweater vests, sure.
Matt Groening: Oh, marketing the Simpsons' on t-shirts and mugs, sure we could do that, but it would be wrong.
Space Ghost: Wrong, like, how wrong? Wrong wrong?
Matt Groening: I think "pandering" is one of the words that would come to mind.
Space Ghost: Well, Matt, we have a few marketing ideas of our own, up this little spandex sleeve of mine.
Matt Groening: Really?
Space Ghost: One word, my friend. Footstools.
Zorak: That's two.
Space Ghost: Any day now, you should be seeing official Space Ghost footstools, resting beneath ever foot in the known universe (pounds desk) We're starting out with footstools, you know, take it slow, and we'll probably branch out from there. And sell some other... non... footstool related... items.
Zorak: So, where do all those t-shirts come from?
Matt Groening: Those are all bootlegs, those things you see out there. We don't have anything to do with them.
Space Ghost: Huh. "Bootleg". Is that anything like a footstool? Well, is it?
Matt Groening: I, I don't know.
Space Ghost: Do they sell? The, uh, bootlegs, that is.
Matt Groening: You have no idea what I'm talking about. You know, I think...
Space Ghost: Moltar, put "bootlegs" on our list. Next to, uh, footstools.
(Shot of empty control room, still on autopilot)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Zorak, what's he doing in...
Zorak: Shhh! Listen! (pause) The wind!
Space Ghost: Okay. Well Matt, if Moltar was paying attention, he'd tell you that we're also marketing a line of exotic seasonings. Salt, pepper, ...
Zorak: Basil.
Space Ghost: Basil, ...
Matt Groening: Mmm hmm.
Space Ghost: We're calling it... "Spice Ghost".
Zorak: "We put the SG in MSG".
Space Ghost: Yeah, do you like that? Zorak came up with that!
Matt Groening: Oh, really?
Space Ghost: Anyways, we plan to package the spice rack with the footstool, and market it as the "Space Ghost Combo Pak". We spell the "pak" P-A-K. (teeth sparkle)
Zorak: Oooh! Fantastic!
Matt Groening: Mmm hmm.
Space Ghost: Citizen Groening, please issue some words of advice to the universe.
Matt Groening: Buy "Space Ghost" cereal, but don't eat the prizes.
Space Ghost: "Space Ghost" cereal... Hmm! Now, would that have flakes in it?
Matt Groening: Um, something like that.
Space Ghost: Good idea, Matt! I'll see if the footstool people can make it happen.
Matt Groening: Space Ghost, I salute you.
Space Ghost: Dismissed.
Matt Groening: Aloha.
Space Ghost: Melekaliki maha!
Matt Groening: Thank you. (zaps off of monitor).
Space Ghost: We need to be on top of that flake deal.
Zorak: Okey dokey.
Space Ghost: We're going to be bigger that "The Lion King".
Zorak: Uh, okay.
Space Ghost: Moltar, did you get all that stuff about the cereal, that part about the flakes?
(Another shot of empty control room)
Space Ghost: Moltar, are you listenin' to me? (pause) Where's Moltar?
Zorak: Um, he left about ten minutes ago. He was always a quiet child...
Space Ghost: What? What!?
Zorak: Just pretty much kept to himself...
Space Ghost: What are you talking about?
Zorak: I told you already, he left!
Space Ghost: (invisos out, then invisos back) I'm checkin'.
Zorak: Go ahead.
Space Ghost: (invisos to control room) Great Caesar's ghost! Moltar's... escaped! Oh, shoot!
(Scene of a bus going down a street. Moltar is sitting inside)
Passenger 12: (peeking up over seat behind Moltar) Pssst! Pssssst! Hey! How ya doin'?
Moltar: Huh?
Passenger 12: You Buckeye fan?
Moltar: (pause) No.
Passenger 12: What kinda hat is that? That's like the colors of the, uh, Buckeyes, ain't it?
Moltar: Ehhh...
Passenger 12: 'M I diturbin' you?
Moltar: (sighs) Yeah...
Passenger 12: Oh, sorry...
(dramatic sting music, and:)
To be continued...
(Credits roll)
Mr. Burns: Good day. Smithers, release the hounds. (sound of dogs barking)

oneMatt Groening
twoMatt HarriganDave WillisAlan Laddie
threeBill WilnerJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
fourSonny SharrockEddie Horst
fiveSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
sixGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave Willis
sevenDESIGNefxBig Deal Cartoons
eightC. Martin Croker
nineRoy Clements
tenD.J. Roller
elevenDavid Stevens
twelveKaili Rubin
thirteenVishal Roney
fourteenGus Jordan
fifteenIsabel Gonzalez
sixteenKhaki JonesAndy Merrill
seventeenAntonia CoffmanFOX TVLanell's Motor CoachHanna-Barbera
eighteenTim Garber
hey nineteenAlex Toth
twentyDave Willis
twenty-oneKeith Crofford
twenty-twoMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 29 - "Jacksonville"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:29
Title:Jacksonville
Original Air Date:October 15, 1996
Guest Stars:James Hetfield, Kirk Hammett (of Metallica)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
Announcer: Last week, on a very special "Space Ghost Coast to Coast":
(Space Ghost and Zorak in an operating room, with heart monitors beeping in background)
Space Ghost: Get me 100 cc's of bolgerdrine, stat! Clear!
Zorak: Still no pulse.
Space Ghost: Clear!
(A blue Mustang is racing down the street, followed by a van. A truck collides with a parked car and rolls over)
(Two Moltars on the screen in front of Space Ghost)
Moltar 1: I'm Moltar.
Moltar 2: No, I'm Moltar.
Space Ghost: W-, wa-, wait a minute...
(Scene changes, now in a tropical setting)
Space Ghost: A stolen treasure map?
Zorak: A stolen treasure map?
(Another multi-car crash, in slow motion)
(In the Oval Office)
Zorak: The clock is ticking, Mr. President. You must make a choice!
Space Ghost: (as the President) A stolen treasure map?
(Green smoke seeps from a box in a van, which then explodes)
(Zorak and Space Ghost in a kitchen)
Zorak: I, I think I'm pregnant!
Space Ghost: (stares back, with dramatic sting music)
(Moltar riding in the bus)
Moltar: (laughs evilly)
Announcer: And now, the conclusion.
(Special opening titles and theme, a la "Charlie's Angels", with Zorak, Moltar and Space Ghost in the title screen, with subtitles: "Space Ghost Coast to Coast / © MCMLXXIII Martin Quin")
Announcer: Space Ghost Coast to Coast, a Martin Quin Production. With Space Ghost (Space Ghost), Zorak (Zorak), koochie-koochie girl Charo (Black Widow), Moltar (Moltar), Tansit (Tansit), Metallus (Metallus)
Adrienne Barbeau: Well, there we are...
Announcer: Adrienne Barbeau (handy man), and special guest stars Metallica (Metallica).
Space Ghost Coast to Coast will continue after these messages.
:INTERRUPT FEED
:START FEED
Announcer: (over dramatic music) Tonight's episode, "Hickory Dickory Dead". (screen subtitles: "Hickory Dickory Dead / Act I")
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost!
Announcer: Meanwhile, back at the set...
Space Ghost: I can take it from here.
Announcer: I'm sorry.
Zorak: Did'ja get Moltar?
Space Ghost: Nope. Got something better. Tansit! Y'okay in there, buddy? Think we're about to start in a minute.
Tansit: (in control room) Is this on?
Zorak: You got Tansit?
Space Ghost: Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Zorak: Nothin'...
Tansit: (click!) Is this on? (click!) (click!)
Zorak: ... if you like babies.
Tansit: (click!) Is this on?
Space Ghost: Yes, Tansit, go ahead.
Tansit: (click!) Space Gho- (click)
Space Ghost: Yes, go ahead.
Tansit: (click!) Hello? (tap tap tap) Is this on? (click!)
Space Ghost: Yes, Tansit, I can hear you!
Tansit: (click!) -at, you Space Gho- (click!)
Space Ghost: (clears throat and sighs)
Tansit: (click!) Hi M- (click!) (click!) (click!)
Space Ghost: Tansit!
Tansit: (click!) -ing is broken. I thi- (click!)
Space Ghost: No, it's, it's not broken, just keep the button pushed in.
Zorak: The red button!
Tansit: (long pause) (click!) broken! (click!)
Space Ghost: No, just keep the button pushed in!
Zorak: It's the big button, it's...
(Tansit presses the wrong button, screen changes to Japanese test pattern)
Tansit: Whoops! Hello...
Space Ghost: No, no, the other button, the other one. The other one!
Zorak: It's the button, it's right in front of ya!
Tansit: (throws lever, screen returns to normal) Okay, I think I got it.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Good. You're clear on how the feeds work, right?
Tansit: 10-4 on that, Space Ghost. Over and out!
Space Ghost: Send the musical guest.
Tansit: Now?
Space Ghost: Yes.
Tansit: Who? I-i-is, is it that time?
Space Ghost: Yes, it's that time.
Tansit: (throws lever) Uh, no... (throws another lever) let's see, uh... (throws another lever) Yeah, right...
Space Ghost: Please welcome heavy music makers, Metallica.
(Monitor lowers, showing another test pattern with a foreign language speaking)
Space Ghost: (in quiet voice) Okay, all right. Tansit...
Tansit: I can do that better. (throws another lever, screen shows a different test pattern)
Space Ghost: Uh, y'know, folks, I ran into Metallica just last year at a celebrity Pro Am down in Myrtle, Myrtle Beach last year. Myrtle Beach, right, Zorak?
Zorak: Pebble.
Space Ghost: Pebble Beach, right.
Tansit: Got it!
Space Ghost: Metallica! (another test pattern on the screen)
Tansit: I, I, I thought I got it.
Space Ghost: Tansit, what the heck's going on in there, buddy?
Tansit: (finally gets picture of Metallus) Guest coming up! Fresh off the griddle (throws lever)
Space Ghost: (under his breath) Well, it's about time.
Metallus: (drones on and on)
Space Ghost: This isn't Metallica.
Zorak: Yeah, I know.
Space Ghost: This is Metallus.
Zorak: Right.
Space Ghost: No, it's not right. It's wrong. Very wrong.
Zorak: So?
Space Ghost: I think we have a problem.
Zorak: Houston...
Space Ghost: Listen, Zorak, can you operate the feeds?
Zorak: Me?
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Zorak: Nnnno.
Space Ghost: Well, super!
Zorak: Problem?
Space Ghost: Oh, shut up!
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act II")
(Scene of Space Ghost battling Creature King, with foreign language overdubs)
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act III")
James Hetfield: (on control room monitor) [Burp!] Sorry, I just had, like, a tuna sandwich, uh, slimy eggs in it.
Tansit: Yeah, I could tell, would you like a mint?
Space Ghost: (invisos in to control room) Tansit, what are you doing? Is Metallica here?
Tansit: Yeah, he's out there.
Space Ghost: "He"? You gave me Metallus!
Tansit: Oh. Eh, no biggie.
Space Ghost: Yes, biggie! You screwed up the fe-... wait a minute. Who's this?
Kirk Hammett: (points to Jim) That's the mighty Hetfield. (laughs)
James Hetfield: (waves) Mighty Hetfield, of Earth.
Kirk Hammett: (waves) I'm Kirk of Earth.
Space Ghost: And you're... Metallica.
Kirk Hammett: Yes, sir, that is correct.
Tansit: We were just having a lovely conversation about tuna...
Space Ghost: Well, that's nice. Now, would you give me the right guests so I can do my job. You know, talk show host?
Tansit: Oh, sorry. (throws lever, sends Metallica to monitor on set)
Space Ghost: (invisos out)
Tansit: You think you're so hot. I can twist you and punch you and hurt you so badly, I can...
Space Ghost: (invisos back in) I heard that! (invisos out)
Tansit: I didn't say anything!
Space Ghost: (invisos to set)
Kirk Hammett: I, I tell you why you're so...
James Hetfield: Look at the pics, look at Space Ghost, man, when you talk.
Kirk Hammett: Oh, that.
Space Ghost: Well, looky there, Zorak, it's Metallica!
Zorak: Wow! Everybody limbo!
James Hetfield: Howdy, dude.
Kirk Hammett: Hey.
Space Ghost: Howdy, Metallica. Did Tansit treat you in a pleasant, courteous and professional manner?
James Hetfield: I, I hated him.
Space Ghost: Oh, you did?
James Hetfield: Yeah.
Space Ghost: What was the problem?
James Hetfield: He had an annoying little voice. I wanted to smash him, with my boots. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Well, uh, we're, we're in a transitional state...
Tansit: (over intercom) Hey, everybody, listen up!
Space Ghost: Tansit!
Tansit: Space Ghost, clean up on aisle eight. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Tansit!
James Hetfield: He is annoying.
Tansit: This intercom thing is a pip!
Space Ghost: Would you excuse me for a moment?
Kirk Hammett: Okay.
Space Ghost: (flies off)
Tansit: (still laughing) Aaah! You're squeezing my arm!
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act IV")
(Brak and Space Ghost in a kitchen)
Brak: Space Ghost, I think I'm pregnant!
Space Ghost: (stares back, with dramatic sting music)
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act V")
(Kirk is playing "air guitar" to toy guitar music)
Space Ghost: (laughs) That's pretty keen! You guys are quite the musicians!
James Hetfield: We're big fans of, uh, the musical part of your show.
Space Ghost: You like the Zorak, do you?
James Hetfield: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Kirk Hammett: Love Zorak.
Space Ghost: Well, what do you know? Hey, Zorak, did you hear that, buddy?
Zorak: "Buddy"?
Space Ghost: Looks like you've got some fans.
Zorak: Bite me, Metallica!
(Kirk and Jim stare back at Zorak)
Zorak: I bet you think you're evil now!
Kirk Hammett: We love evil.
Zorak: Really! Well, aren't we the pretty ones!
Kirk Hammett: Yes.
Space Ghost: Zorak, they're fans of yours!
Zorak: Well, that's what they expect!
Space Ghost: You're twisted.
Zorak: Yep.
Space Ghost: Well boys, I'm going to give you a break. I'm going to let you play a song for Zorak! Ladies and gentlemen, Metallica!
James Hetfield: All right, ready?
Kirk Hammett: One, two, three...
James Hetfield: Mine's louder, though.
(Kirk and Jim start playing their toy guitars again)
James Hetfield: (singing) Space Ghost, you're like the dude...You oughta like hang out and be in our band...You're like the man...And, uh, you are, 'cause you kick a lot of buttock...(big finish)Cool!
Zorak: Well, that was stupid.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Well, it was.
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act VI")
(Black screen for ten seconds)
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act VII")
Kirk Hammett: Hey, could, (laughs) hey, could we smoke a cigar, or is it gonna mess with the oxygen in here?
Space Ghost: And just where pray tell did you get those grubby things? Did Tansit give them to you?
Kirk Hammett: (to Jim) You want a cigar?
James Hetfield: No, you go ahead, man.
Space Ghost: Mol- Er, Tansit!
Tansit: What?
Space Ghost: Did you give the boys cigars?
Tansit: Well... yes.
Space Ghost: And why did you do that?
Tansit: Well, my daddy always said, "There's nothing like a good stogie to clean the pipes." Y'know?
Space Ghost: No, I don't know. Here I am, on this anti-smoking campaign, doing telethons, dressing as a clown and visiting children's hospitals, donating time and money out of my own tights, and then here you come, (doing Tansit imitation) "Here, fellas, smoke up!"
Tansit: But... but I was just being hospitable.
Space Ghost: Hospitable? Hospitable? Tansit, you're fired!!
Tansit: Oh, pooh!
Space Ghost: (invisos to control room)
Tansit: St-st-stay away from me! I'm a villain!
Space Ghost: Tell me where Moltar is.
Tansit: I don't know what you're talking about.
Space Ghost: Don't play dumb.
Tansit: No! Please! Don't hit!
Space Ghost: Tell me where Moltar went, and I won't!
Tansit: But I can't! Zorak told me not to tell.
Zorak: I did not!
Tansit: He, he said he would get his swarm of angry henchmen...
Zorak: I did no such thing.
Tansit: He said he was going to...
Space Ghost: Zorak doesn't have a swarm of henchmen.
Tansit: He doesn't?!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Tansit: Oh, you liar you!
Space Ghost: You give me no choice, Tansit. I'm going to count to three.
Tansit: But... but...
Space Ghost: One two three!
Tansit: (crying) Okay, okay! Moltar's on a bus!
Space Ghost: A bus!?
Tansit: To Jacksonville! That's all I know! (sobbing) Just, just don't hurt me! Don't hurt me! (sobs louder)
Space Ghost: Calm down, ya big baby!
Tansit: Don't touch me!
Space Ghost: Zorak, take over the show. Don't escape, okay?
Zorak: Oh, I won't.
Space Ghost: I've got some heat to seek.
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Well, uh, you know what I'm talkin' about. (flies off)
Zorak: (to Tansit) Pansy!
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act VIII")
(Lokar and Space Ghost in a kitchen)
Lokar: Space Ghost, it has come to my attention that I am pregnant!
Space Ghost: (stares back, with dramatic sting music)
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Act IX")
(Zorak is in Space Ghost's chair, talking to Metallica)
Zorak: Wanna go outside?
Kirk Hammett: (laughs) What would happen?
Zorak: You'd explode.
Kirk Hammett: Uh huh.
Zorak: Come on. It's fun.
(Title graphic and dramatic theme music; subtitle: "Epilogue")
(Moltar riding in a bus)
Moltar: (singing) "Everybody's talkin' at me, I don't hear a word they're sayin', just..."
Space Ghost: (invisos in next to Moltar) Going somewhere, little Timmy?
Moltar: (surprised) Waaa!
Space Ghost: It was the perfect plan, wasn't it?
Moltar: Look, if you're trying to wear me down, so I'll confess something I didn't do, I won't do it.
Space Ghost: I just want the truth.
Moltar: Hey listen, the truth is, I know nothing about the plane crash, or the whereabouts of Umberto Malzone!
Space Ghost: You think he's gonna protect you? You fool. You're useless to him now! Men like him don't hang, Moltar! Men like him watch their own neck.
Moltar: You're kidding.
Space Ghost: I don't feel like kidding today, Moltar. I need to know. Are you going to leave me? (dramatic sting music)
Moltar: Nah.
Space Ghost: Okay.
(Dramatic "wrap-up" music, similar to "Dragnet")
Announcer: (Moltar still) After the Jacksonville incident, Moltar was returned to his post as director of the show, given a spanking, and told never to escape again. (Tansit still) Tansit was also swatted lightly across the fanny for his role in the Metallica debacle. (Space Ghost still) Space Ghost resumed his duties as host of the popular animated talk show, and was later to be spotted that very evening with gal pal Tori Spelling. (Passenger 12 still) Upon Space Ghost's arrival, Passenger 12 choked on a 'Cracklin Tatah'. Witnesses quoted him as saying, "Man, there's a 'Cracklin Tatah' choked in ma throat." (Zorak still) Zorak eventually led Metallica to the outer air lock, where members of the band were heard to say, "Shouldn't we put on a suit or something?" (Metallica still) Metallica exploded in deep space. (Metallus still) Mwam mwam mwam, mwam mwam mwam...
(Credits roll)
(Closing music and narrative)
Announcer: The story you have just heard is true. The names have been changed to protect the innocent. Speaking of names, I have a kitty named Fluffy. Sometimes Fluffy scratches the sofa, and I say, "Down, Fluffy, down, or Fluffy get no din-din." Sometimes Fluffy urp in the corner. Fluffy knows better than that. Cats are fun. I like them.
(Dramatic theme music)

GUEST STARSJames HetfieldKirk Hammettof Metallica
WRITERSAndy MerrillDave Willis
EDITORSJay EdwardsKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy MerrillKen Osborne
DESIGN COMPANYDESIGNefxBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORBill Chapman
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
CAMERAD.J. Roller
AUDIODavid Stevens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSSean GoodenGus Jordan
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNSGill AustinNathan CookHeather DavisStefan LanferTerrence LiddellMaya McClureDavid PavaLisa Yamanishi
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaLanell's Motor CoachJoe BuckEnrico Salvatore RizzoSean AkinsJohnny Reaves
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 30 - "Late Show"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:30
Title:Late Show
Original Air Date:October 22, 1996
Guest Stars:Janeane Garofolo, Dave Grohl, Flip Orley, John Popper

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Opening theme, with spiffy new titles, and Letterman-type band music in background. )
Announcer: From the Ghost Planet, try our famous pecan log! It's Space Ghost, Coast to Coast! Tonight, Janeane Garofolo, hypnotist Flip Orley, Foo Fighter Dave Grohl, and John Popper. (camera zooms in on building and flies through the window, breaking the glass, then it flies down the hall toward the studio) Plus Zorak and the Original Way Outs. And now, the ghost who put the word "host" in Space Ghost, (with echo, as in original cartoon show) Spaaaaace Ghooooost! (audience applause)
Space Ghost: Hello, and welcome to the big show, kids. I'm your host Space Ghost, but please feel free to call me... Space. (Zorak plays the organ)
(Studio audience continues to applaude; they are all mantises, including one extremely ugly one in the front row)
Zorak: You are one nutty fabulous cuckoo, hi-yo... (cough) Well, you know.
Space Ghost: And now I'd like to harvest a bumper crop of belly laughs with some hilarious opening joke statements. So, uh, I'm coming to work, and my friction detector sense a strange force invading my personal perimeter. Turns out it was just a lonely fat guy rubbing up against me. (rim shot) Ha, heh, hee hee! Oh, man. (Zorak plays the keys) Got that, Zorak? "Friction detector."
Zorak: (laughs) Friction detector!
Space Ghost: Jerry, Jerry, can we get a close-up of that guy over there? Hey, hey, Zorak! Get a load of that guy. Yow! (closeup of ugly mantis)
Zorak: Yes!
Space Ghost: You is one ugly space dude! (Ugly mantis looks sad, then a tear trickles down his cheek)
Zorak: Oh, that's cold!
Space Ghost: Now, I have a special message for any intelligent life forms that may be receiving this television signal trillions of light-years away, in the farthest reaches of the universe. (pause) (Italian accent) Hey, how ya doin', kids?
Zorak: (plays the keys)
(Shot of studio audience)
Space Ghost: Moltar, get me a close-up of the hem of my cape.
(Camera shows close-up of Space Ghost's cape)
Space Ghost: Is it me, or this cape hanging low? Is it me? I mean, I'm practically dusting the linoleum.
Zorak: Dusting the linoleum, sir!
Space Ghost: Can I get some scissors out here? Scissors?
Zorak: Scissors? Hi-yo!
Space Ghost: Scissors, please? Scissors? Scissors! Scissors, please!
Moltar: (in control room) He knows they won't let him have scissors.
Space Ghost: Now, ladies and gentlemen, do me a favor and put your hands together and say hello to Zorak. Or, or as we say in Indiana, Zoo-rake.
Zorak: (plays the keys)
(Shot of silent studio audience)
Space Ghost: They're like a bunch of stunned carp out there. Uh, Zorak, you have a special surprise for us?
Zorak: Yes I do, pinhead!
Space Ghost: Go on with your bad self!
Zorak: Pinhead!
Space Ghost: Again!
Zorak: Pinhead, pinhead, pinhead!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Who has more fun on their little cartoon show than us?
Zorak: I hate you.
Space Ghost: Zorak, ladies and gentlemen. Zorak!
Zorak: Okay! Tonight, sitting in with the band, from Blues Traveller, it's John Popper!
(Monitor lowers on bandstand with John)
John Popper: (plays blues harp and sings)Here's a little story,About a certain talk show host,He goes by the moniker, that's French,of monsieur Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (laughs) That mouth harp is catchy, John! How d'ya operate it?
John Popper: It's a lot like life, you have to blow, and you have to suck.
Zorak: Oh boy...
Space Ghost: (Something harmonica boy said; there could be a joke in there. If only I could reformulate it, and throw it back to him. Hmmmm...)
Moltar: It's officially a lull.
Space Ghost: (I know!) Where's my pineapple?
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: (Italian accent) Hey, kids, how's it goin'?
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: Uh, now it's time for a quiz. Zorak, do you have a little quiz music?
Zorak: Uh uh. I'm shedding my exoskeleton.
Space Ghost: I told you to shed before the show.
Zorak: Ahhhh! It's so itchy!
Space Ghost: (motions toward destructo ray button, aiming at Zorak)
Zorak: (starts playing quiz music)
(camera is on Zorak playing)
Space Ghost: Question number one - This man is:A: The Lone locust of the ApocalypseB: The Last of the Red Hot MamasC: An Aphid munching Geranium JockeyAnd the answer is... (John plays the harmonica) the answer is... and the answer is...
John Popper: (moves hands as if playing drums) Bom bom bom bom...
Space Ghost: And the answer is...
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: ... not circled on my card. Let's move on, shall we?
Zorak: (plays more quiz music)
(picture of Bill Clinton look-alike eating)
Space Ghost: Savvy New Yorkers recognize this man as:A: A city worker on a breakB: A boat show visitorC: John Popper's less successful brother, Pudgy Popper
John Popper: Oh, it's that kind of show!
Moltar: Oh, great! Cue the singing frog, camera one.
(Nifty Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Nifty Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
Space Ghost: All righty! Time for tonight's Big Ten List. (applause)
(Music and snazzy graphic with spinning numbers from 1 to 10, ending with "Space Ghost BIG 10 LIST" graphic at end)
(Each item appears on the screen, from the bottom up)
Space Ghost: Here we go, kids. Number ten: (drum roll) Larry King's left suspender. Number four: Hydroponic Culkins. Number seventeen: Everywhere you look - Dizzy Whip. Y'know, I don't think there's a man, woman or child (drum roll stops) on the face of the earth today that doesn't enjoy a steamin' cold mug full o' Dizzy Whip.
Zorak: Dizzy Whip, sir!
Space Ghost: Number six: (drum roll) Gillooly's butt. Number three sixty-one: A derby full of Nyquil. And number one: (tympani roll) Two words.
(Final screen contents:)SPACE GHOSTBIG TEN LIST1. TWO WORDS361. A DERBY FULL OF NYQUIL6. GILLOOLY'S BUTT17. EVERYWHERE YOU LOOK -- DIZZY WHIP4. HYDROPONIC CULKINS10. LARRY KING'S LEFT SUSPENDER
Space Ghost: (sniff) Uh, that's it. We have any music here?
Zorak: (plays Mexican hat dance excerpt)
Space Ghost: It's getting like a Mexican game show in here.
Zorak: (growls) ¡Te detesto! (also as subtitle)
Space Ghost: Hey kids, do you like the rock and roll? Then say hello to Erma Bombeck.
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: (talking to someone off-camera) Wha... Are you sure? (to camera) Oh dear. Well then, please welcome Janeane Garofolo.
Zorak: (plays the keys)
(Monitor lowers with Janeane)
Space Ghost: You're Janeane Garofolo. Quick, who am I?
Janeane Garofolo: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Are you sure you're not Uma or Oprah?
Janeane Garofolo: (laughs, then coughs)
Space Ghost: ("Killing me Softly" in background) Uma... Oprah... Oprah... Uma...
Zorak: (singing) Killing me softly with his jokes...
Space Ghost: What about Kukla or Kinko?
Janeane Garofolo: Zorak wants us to (motions with her hand and whispers) wrap it up.
Space Ghost: Zorak can lick my center of gravity.
Zorak: Not even with Moltar's tongue.
Moltar: (in control room) Technically speaking, it's an oblong titanium slat.
Space Ghost: Anyways, getting back to...
Zorak: What are your secret powers?
Janeane Garofolo: I have the amaaazing ability to forget people's, uh, names, after meeting them even a number of times.
Space Ghost: Quick, who am I?
Janeane Garofolo: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Wrong. My name is Luca, I live on the second floor.
Janeane Garofolo: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (She is one happenin' lady.) Janeane, you are one happenin' lady.
Janeane Garofolo: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Describe your ideal man.
Janeane Garofolo: Deep resonant voice.
Space Ghost: Booming?
Janeane Garofolo: Booming voice.
Space Ghost: Beefy?
Janeane Garofolo: Beefy burly voice.
Space Ghost: Big chunks o' beef and noodles, like a stroganoff?
Janeane Garofolo: Don't forget the cheese.
Space Ghost: Yes, cheese! Delicious cheese!
Moltar: Feta cheese.
Zorak: Fuzzy cheese.
Moltar: Quease cheese.
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: Cheese. It's what's for dinner. (Italian accent) Hey, how ya doin', kids?
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Space Ghost: If you could date anyone, and I mean anyone, who would it be?
Janeane Garofolo: Ummm... Catwoman and Pat Buchanan.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Janeane, this is a family show. Please keep your hippy-time freak-out love jams to yourself.
Janeane Garofolo: (shrugs)
Space Ghost: (clears his throat) Let's answer our viewer mail. (intro music) This is an actual response to actual letters from actual viewers. (looks at letter) No, No, No, No, Maybe, No, Uh uh, Good Lord no!, No, and Maybe. Quick, Janeane, do some comedy.
Janeane Garofolo: (tries to lean on her elbow but misses) Whoop!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Whoop, there it is! But seriously, Janeane, tell us the truth about cats and dogs.
Janeane Garofolo: Can't, that gives it away.
Space Ghost: Tell us!
Janeane Garofolo: I'm sorry, you gotta be cleared for that.
Space Ghost: I must know the truth!
Zorak: You want the truth?
Space Ghost: I demand the truth.
Zorak: You can't handle the truth!
Janeane Garofolo: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (stares back, then looks at Zorak and clears his throat)
Zorak: I had a part in the movie, and I, uh, brought a clip.
Space Ghost: Zorak, I had no idea! Go ahead and roll it, Jerry. Yeah, this should be solid gold.
(Picture of animal shelter, with Zorak's silhouette in forground holding a fork and knife. Sound of dogs barking in background)
Zorak: I will devour each and every one of you, that is the truth! Do you know the muffin man? (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Don't quit your day job, mantis! So Janeane, word on the street is you have tattoos.
Janeane Garofolo: How did you know about that?
Space Ghost: Does that make you cool?
Janeane Garofolo: I think I am, but ask me again in about five minutes.
Space Ghost: I would, but my guess is, ya won't be around.
Janeane Garofolo: I have to go to the bathroom.
Space Ghost: Let me show you the way.
Janeane Garofolo: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (blasts her off the monitor with his destructo ray)
Moltar: Oh boy, I'll be hearing from her people.
Zorak: I knew this wasn't gonna work.
(Nifty Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Nifty outer space scene bumper)
Space Ghost: Welcome back, vast North American viewing audience. Now it's time for something we like to call, "Stupid Zorak Tricks". Whadd'ya have cooked up for us tonight, Zorak?
Zorak: I have covered my keyboard with a mucus-y membrane. (shot of keyboard covered in green goo)
Space Ghost: Aaand...
Zorak: And, that's it. Just the mucus-y membrane.
Space Ghost: Right, right. That's not much of a trick, do you have anything else?
Zorak: I could vibrate.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Zorak: (vibrates back and forth, with sound effects)
John Popper: Yeah, okay.
Space Ghost: (sucks in breath, puts his head in his hand) Yep, that's money in the bank.
Moltar: Leno has Hugh Grant, and we've got a vibrating insect.
Space Ghost: That's enough, Zorak. You're making us all sick.
Zorak: I'm a little logey myself.
Space Ghost: Well, take a little standing nap. (to audience) For weeks now, my mother has been reporting to us from the desolate surface of the ice planet Zeron. (Mom Ghost appears on monitor, shivering, with ice planet in background) Hi, Mom!
Mom Ghost: Hi, sweetie.
John Popper: Mom!
Space Ghost: She's my mom, not yours!
John Popper: (makes growling sound)
Space Ghost: So tell me, Mom, how's everything going on that remote hunk of frozen rock?
Mom Ghost: (shivering) Fine, honey.
Space Ghost: So, how ya holdin' up in the poisonous ammonia atmosphere?
Mom Ghost: (sighs) Just okay. (shivering) All the radiation makes me tired, and my vital organs are givin' me fits.
Space Ghost: And we all know how painful that can be.
Mom Ghost: I may be askin' for one of your space kidneys soon.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Hang in there, Mom!
Mom Ghost: When can I come home? I'm cold. (shivers)
Space Ghost: Not until sweeps is over. So long, Mom!
Mom Ghost: Bye bye, sugar.
Space Ghost: (laughs) That was Mom, Zorak! Oh, she's something, isn't she?
Zorak: Yes!
Space Ghost: There she goes, kids, that's my mom! (she fades from monitor) (applause) Let's keep it goin' for her. (applause continues) Everybody loves the visits with my mom. And, and I'll tell you straight out, they leave me, jazzed.
Zorak: You feelin' jazzed right now?
Space Ghost: Jazzed, to the max! Zorak, do you feel jazzed?
Zorak: I'm jazzed, baby! Jazz, jazz, jazz-a, jazz, jazz, hi-yo!
Space Ghost: (pause) (aside) Wha? Now what? Are you sure we have time for this? You're positive? (to audience, with less enthusiasm) Hokay. Put your hands together, ladies and gentlemen, for big time Hollywood hypnotist Flip Orley.
Flip Orley: (on monitor) Hey, thanks for having me, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (under his breath) Thank Tony Randall for cancelling. (aloud) So, that's some jacket you got there, Flip. Looks like something the mantis would wear.
Flip Orley: Yeah, and I've got the, the little dingle balls on the, on the jacket, which, obviously, if you look at the dingle balls, very closely, you can actually fall under my power... (keeps talking)
Zorak: Dingle balls, yes!
Space Ghost: (Stay... interested...)
Zorak: I can hear you.
Flip Orley: Have you ever been drunk, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Nope, but I've been jazzed. But right now I'm not jazzed. Nope, not very jazzed.
Flip Orley: Even now, even as we speak?
Space Ghost: (pause) I'm sorry, what?
Flip Orley: (laughs) I guess we'll move on. (laughs)
Space Ghost: (hums to himself) So, uh, how's your summer going?
Flip Orley: Space Ghost, what kind of a dupe do you take me for? What kind of a moron, wha, what do you think I am?
Zorak: What do you think I am?
Space Ghost: Did you say something?
Flip Orley: Uh, we were starting to do an interview.
Zorak: Starting the interview process, yes!
Space Ghost: So, uh, know any good... what is it you do again?
Flip Orley: I can actually make people think I'm invisible, through my hypnotic powers.
Zorak: Hypnotic powers.
Space Ghost: That would be doing us all a favor.
Flip Orley: Wow, that's kind of personal, Space Ghost, isn't it?
Zorak: Yes!
Space Ghost: Let's see... (hums to himself) What else? Hey, are you jazzed?
Flip Orley: Yeah, I, um, I'm jazzed.
Zorak: Yes! I am jazzed!
Space Ghost: Excuse me, won't you, Chip?
Flip Orley: My name is Flip. Flip Orley, Hypno-man.
Space Ghost: Sure, yeah. Zorak, do me a solid and hypnotize this dingle ball into something cool.
John Popper: Put him to sleep.
Zorak: (eyes turn into spiral pattern, rotating counterclockwise) We brellah bing cleeya pakka vinsta loopah sahtah 'teebesta noabrella blah!
(Flip's face distorts and morphs into Dave Grohl's)
Dave Grohl: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Speak to me, oh spirit! Are ya a cool guest come to help us? Or, are ya just another big load?
Dave Grohl: (chewing gum) My name is David Grohl, I play in a band called the Foo Fighters.
Space Ghost: Bingo! Pay dirt! Atta boy, bonanza! Now we're cookin' with gas! I am now once again certifiable jazzed, kids!
Dave Grohl: You're a lucky man.
Space Ghost: And, you're a punk, aren't ya?
Dave Grohl: I'm a punk.
Space Ghost: I knew it. I'm a little bit frightened of you, and I like the feeling. It's all tingly. (Italian accent) Hey, how ya doin', kids?
Zorak: (plays the keys)
Dave Grohl: It's wonderful.
Space Ghost: So, what's the deal with Foo?
Dave Grohl: Foo's good.
Space Ghost: So, you're pro-Foo, and not anti-Foo?
Dave Grohl: We do, not actually fight Foo. We are, the Foo Fighters.
Space Ghost: (laughs) God bless ya, Dave. Now Dave, do you like me?
Dave Grohl: (laughs) I suppose.
Space Ghost: Hear that, Zorak? Dave thinks I'm cute. What do you think of the show, big D?
Dave Grohl: Your show is so great! I just can't even tell you, it's really wonderful! I'd, I'd, my mother watches it, every, every, uh, every night that it's on, whenever it is.
Space Ghost: My mom would watch too, but the ice planet's septic atmosphere has infected her eyes badly, so she can't...
Dave Grohl: I, can't even imagine what your mother would look like.
Space Ghost: She looks like me, with red lipstick.
Zorak: You've been known to wear red lipstick after one too many wine coolers.
Space Ghost: That's it. (blasts Zorak with his destructo ray)
Zorak: Oww! (Popper's monitor goes flying through the explosion) (coughs) You can explain to Charivari what happened to their vest. (coughs) Hi-yo!
Space Ghost: Dave, you are currently touring the galaxy. What other shows have you appeared on?
Dave Grohl: I think that we've performed on the David Letterman show before.
Space Ghost: Whovid Whatterman? Never heard of him.
Dave Grohl: Like, he can't hold a candle to you, Space Ghost, no way.
Space Ghost: Ho, I can hold candles. It's the scissors they won't let me touch. They're afraid I'll hurt my foot again. Y'see, I got this giant blister. Like a door knob!
Zorak: Ewww!
Moltar: (makes gagging noises, walks away from his console)
Space Ghost: And I'm cutting away the dead skin, right? Like a big giant fleshy pancake. Flip, flop, flip, flop, I couldn't walk for seven months! I still wear a smaller bootie on that foot.
Dave Grohl: Mucus is a problem in space, what with the decompression, and comp-, y'know.
Space Ghost: Boy, you're tellin' me! Man, at the end of the day, my suit is filled with it! Come around five, when I take off that suit, it's like a Jell-O mold, squeezin' out. Hey Zorak, you ever get the suit mucus?
Zorak: Suit mucus, yes sir!
John Popper: Does he look all mucus-y?
Zorak: Like an Irish oyster.
Space Ghost: Well, Dave, thanks for coming!
Dave Grohl: (looks around) What?
Space Ghost: Thanks for joining us.
Dave Grohl: (looks around, puzzled)
Space Ghost: That's it. (blasts Dave off of monitor with destructo ray) (applause) Dave Grohl, ladies and gentlemen, there he goes. Now, strap yourselves in, boys and girls, it's time for a special treat. Where's Morty?
Zorak: We had to amputate that infected limb.
Space Ghost: I mean Moltar, where's Moltar?
Moltar: (on Space Ghost's monitor, with outdoors backdrop; he clears his throat)
Space Ghost: Thanks for joining us, Moltar.
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (background music) Y'know, folks, from time to time, we like to send our director Moltar into the universe with a hidden camera and earpiece through which I give commands. It's a real hoot! We call it "Fun with Moltar" (superimposed screen title "Fun with Moltar") Here's Moltar at Burger Town, ladies and gentlemen, watch your monitors, and kids, you at home, as usual, use your televisions. Okay, Moltar, say "I'd like some french fries."
Moltar: (standing in front of speakerphone at drive-in) I'd like some french fries?
Space Ghost: "And a strawberry shake."
Moltar: And a strawberry shake.
Space Ghost: Say "That's all," then pay him, then eat the food.
Moltar: What's so funny about this?
Space Ghost: Just do it. Then, we sent Moltar to see the fire serpent.
(Animated fire serpent appears on monitor, from old "Space Ghost" cartoon. Moltar is with the serpent in a cave)
Space Ghost: Say "Hello, my name is Jimmy."
Moltar: Uh, I, I don't know about this.
Space Ghost: "Hello, my name is Jimmy."
Moltar: Hello, my name is Jimmy.
Space Ghost: Now say "Do you want to see me do the jazz box?"
Moltar: What, are you kiddin', he'll murder me!
Space Ghost: Do the jazz box, Moltar.
Moltar: You get out here and dance!
Space Ghost: Do the jazz box, Moltar.
Moltar: But...
Space Ghost: Jazz box, jazz box, jazz box! Start dancin', metal head!
Moltar: Eh! Here goes... (sings and dances) Ink, a dinka dink, a dinka dink, a dinka do...
(Fire serpent advances and breaths flames on him)
Moltar: Aaagh!!! Aaaaagh!!
(Moltar is in flames) (laughter from audience)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Well, that's all the time we have for tonight, kids. (Popper starts playing his harmonica in background) I'd like to thank my guests, Janeane Garofolo, Flip Orley, Dave Grohl, and Popper. (Popper keeps playing his harmonica) Popper, stop that infernal noise! (he keeps playing) Popper! Popper! (he blasts Popper with his destructo ray)
(Credits roll)
Moltar: So, uh, what did you think of the show tonight?
Space Ghost: That show blew like the solar wind. We had better run the standby.
Moltar: Cheez, the standby? It's a pretty old one.
Space Ghost: Who's on that one?
Moltar: Flip Orley. He hypnotizes Teri Garr.
Space Ghost: Oh please!
Zorak: I'm jazzed, baby!
Space Ghost: That's it, prepare my escape pod. I'm going to ABC.
(Theme song big finish)
(Glass breaking)

GUEST STARSJaneane GarofoloDave GrohlFlip OrleyJohn Popper
WRITERSSpike FerestenSteve O'Donnell
EDITORSBill WilnerKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerPenny JonesGary Owens
DESIGN COMPANIESTURNER PRODUCTION EFFECTSBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORTim Garber
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORChuck Brock
FLAME ARTISTSButch SeibertBill ChapmanDave SillmanAndrew Pope
PROJECT MANAGERLaura Klene
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSSean GoodenGus Jordan
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNSGill AustinNathan CookHeather DavisStefan LanferTerrence LiddellMaya McClureDavid PavaLisa Yamanishi
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaAtlanta Humane SocietyDavis Glick ProductionsBrad SchultzPat Smith
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 31 - "Cookout"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:31
Title:Cookout
Original Air Date:December 10, 1996
Guest Stars:Emeril Lagasse, Nathalie Dupree, Martin Yan

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the Ghost Planet commissary)
Moltar: (slurps soda) Beef-a-roni.
Zorak: (slurps coffee) Beef-a-ghetti.
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti.
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Space Ghost: Fellas, fellas! (laughing) Come on, now! They're both so good!
Moltar: Shut up!
Zorak: Shut up!
(Glass breaks in background)
Space Ghost: Well!
(Opening theme & titles)
Announcer: Good evening and bon appetit! It's Space Ghost Coast to Coast! Tonight, a no-holds-barred cook-off between television chefs Emeril Lagasse, Nathalie Dupree and Martin Yan. Plus, Zorak and the Original Way Outs. And now, prepare to clean your palate with a fresh blast of minty wintergreen! Spaaaaace Ghooooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Buon giorno, hungry citizens! Welcome to our show du jour! Tonight we've got three of TV land's favorite chefs in the kitchen with Space Ghost for a little cooking competition. Here to help us judge the contest, our very own Council of Doom. Lokar.
Lokar: Oh, ho, ho, hi.
Space Ghost: Metallus.
Metallus: (drones)
Space Ghost: Black Widow.
Black Widow: Whooooooooo!!!
Space Ghost: Tansut.
Tansut: Just me.
Space Ghost: And Brak.
Brak: I got... I got pink eye.
Space Ghost: (sup sup sup) Ready to eat, Zorak?
Zorak: Yeah, listen, I want all the bones when we're done.
Space Ghost: Not a problem.
Zorak: Make sure he wipes 'em off.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: And, um, uh, get 'em in a bag.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: A bone bag. Gimme a bone bag.
Space Ghost: Enough! You can have all the bones when we're done!
Zorak: Thank you.
Brak: Somebody! I wanna eat!
Space Ghost: Grab some crackers, that's what the machine's for.
(Way Outs play Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk)
Moltar: Beef-a-roni.
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Space Ghost: Beef-a-ghetti! Oh, shut up the both of you!
Brak: Shut up!
Space Ghost: Thanks, Brak.
Brak: No problem.
(Monitor lowers with Emeril)
Emeril Lagasse: Hey hey!
Space Ghost: Ah, here's our first chef contestant. Greetings, citizen! How are you today?
Emeril Lagasse: I'm doin' unbelievable.
Space Ghost: I believe you! Identify yourself to the universe!
Emeril Lagasse: I am Emeril Lagasse, uh, chef and restaurateur of New Orleans.
Space Ghost: Are you getting enough oxygen, Chief Emeril?
Emeril Lagasse: Uh, I'm uh, I'm getting plenty right now, it's feeling real good.
Space Ghost: Chef, chef, chef, chef, chef, chef. (laughs) Remember him, he was the, the Stooge nobody liked.
Zorak: (long cough)
Space Ghost: (to Emeril) Have you ever been in outer space before?
Emeril Lagasse: Absolutely not! I'm kind of excited about this.
Space Ghost: Well, you should be. So, how did you become a (begin echo effect) Chef Of The Future? (end echo effect)
Emeril Lagasse: I started cooking and liked it, and did more of it and liked it, and one day I got up and then I really loved it.
Space Ghost: No way! It can't be that easy!
Emeril Lagasse: You better believe it.
Space Ghost: Well, I don't believe it.
Emeril Lagasse: 'kay.
Space Ghost: (pause) Say, Emeril, people are always saying things taste like chicken. You know, frogs, woolly spider monkeys, Herculoids. Is that true?
Emeril Lagasse: Well, you know, um, people drive me crazy when they say like that, it's like, anything that's mysterious, they say, "Well, it tastes like chicken." It doesn't taste like chicken, it, it tastes like frog, or, it, it tastes like rabbit, that's what it is, it's not chicken. Chicken's chicken.
Space Ghost: Huh. I bet Zorak would taste like chicken. Have you ever cooked a giant evil praying mantis?
Emeril Lagasse: Oh, listen, we, we do food from love, food of love. So, uh, evil is not allowed in the kitchen.
Zorak: Have you ever cooked a human? Out of love.
Emeril Lagasse: Um, I haven't tried any humans yet.
Zorak: Say, do you know Chef Boy-ar-dee?
Emeril Lagasse: Uh, we've never met! We never met. I'd like to meet him someday, though.
Zorak: Beef-a-roni or Beef-a-ghetti?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Moltar: Beef-a-roni!
Zorak: Beef-a-ghetti!
Emeril Lagasse: Hey, eat a chicken basket, though.
Space Ghost: (clears his throat) What do you like to cook the most, Emeril?
Emeril Lagasse: Well, I, I just like cooking food.
Space Ghost: Well, I just like eating food. What do you like to eat the most?
Emeril Lagasse: I love beef.
Zorak: ... a-ghetti.
Emeril Lagasse: I love pork too. I think actually pork rules. Actually, in my new book, I think the slogan is, "Pork fat rules."
Space Ghost: "Pork fat rules"?
Emeril Lagasse: Yeah, the flavor is, you just can't beat it.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'm with ya.
Emeril Lagasse: What, what kind of food do you like?
Space Ghost: Emeril, I like food. You know, food food fit in the stomach food.
Emeril Lagasse: You like dense food?
Space Ghost: Indeed I do! The denser the better.
Emeril Lagasse: Muffins?
Space Ghost: Thick, hearty and dense. That's for me!
Emeril Lagasse: Oooh, we'll have to cook something dense for you.
Space Ghost: Uh huh! Would you?
Emeril Lagasse: Some dense cuisine.
Space Ghost: Mmmmmm...
Emeril Lagasse: Gooey and dense.
Space Ghost: Dense, right?
Emeril Lagasse: Yeah!
Space Ghost: I must warn you, I can eat a manly pile!
Emeril Lagasse: That's okay, we got plenty of food!
Space Ghost: Then feed me, Emeril. Make me a manly pile!
Emeril Lagasse: I'm lookin' forward to cookin' for you.
Space Ghost: And I'm looking forward to... eating... from you.
Emeril Lagasse: Space Ghost? (his image begins to fade from monitor)
Space Ghost: Whatever.
Emeril Lagasse: Hello? (his image dissolves into static)
Space Ghost: Anyway, while Emeril goes to the kitchen--
Zorak: Hey! Hey! I, I wa-- uh... I, I want the bones when we're done.
Space Ghost: Okey dokey, not a problem.
Zorak: I'm thinking about making a soup. (Emeril's image fades back in) Don't, don't forget about the bones!
Emeril Lagasse: Space Ghost...
Zorak: That's just what I need for my... bone soup.
Emeril Lagasse: ... I told you it was just a matter of time before I had the opportunity to cook for you.
Space Ghost: Oh, uh, Emeril, what are you going to cook with today? Besides your hands, I mean.
Emeril Lagasse: Duck. But not only is it, like, just duck, Space Ghost, it's duck confit, which means it's been like smothered in fat.
Space Ghost: Mmmmmm, I'm in carbohydrate heaven! And, what are you gonna make with this confit?
Emeril Lagasse: Duck tacos with kicked-up salsa, and a lot of bam --
Zorak: Bam.
Emeril Lagasse: -- just for you. This is the kicked-up salsa right here. (Space Ghost scoots closer) Black beans, spicy corn, lots of peppers to just put your mouth on fire, and some greens.
Space Ghost: Greens? Eeaaah! I say thee, nay! Oh well, I can scrape 'em off anyway... Uh, what are you putting on the tortillas?
Emeril Lagasse: This is the essence of Emeril right there. And just, these are little baby bams, see? (high voice) Bam bam bam...
Space Ghost: Bam.
Zorak: Bam!
Emeril Lagasse: Little baby bams. Now, I gotta like make this incredible... mixture, this duck mixture.
Space Ghost: Did you kill that duck yourself?
Emeril Lagasse: Uh, we kinda don't ask those questions, Space Ghost. On, on Earth here, you know, we got to be careful about those things.
Space Ghost: (low voice) Ooooh, yeah, the duck people.
Emeril Lagasse: In order to try to get you healthy, Space Ghost, at least for five seconds, some greens.
Space Ghost: Ewww, no. Yuk.
Emeril Lagasse: And this is a little cilantro dressing.
Space Ghost: Hey! Is that like ranch?
Emeril Lagasse: This is, uh, it's, it's a little bit different than ranch. But, uh, we can pretend it's ranch dressing if you want, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Okay, let's pretend it's ranch dressing!
Emeril Lagasse: Now watch this, we're gonna, we're gonna start by putting this dish together for you. Kinda funky shapes. And, uh, we're gonna do some kicked-up salsa...
Zorak: Kick it! Kick it in the head!
Emeril Lagasse: Then we're gonna take some of these greens--
Space Ghost: On the side! Oh, uh, go ahead, put 'em in.
Emeril Lagasse: Then we're gonna do another little tortilla like that. Then... your favorite, without the bones, of course, duck meat.
Zorak: Of course.
Emeril Lagasse: Are you with me so far, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: All the way!
Emeril Lagasse: Then we're gonna put another tortilla, and then we're gonna take the kicked-up salsa again...
Zorak: Kick it where it hurts!
Emeril Lagasse: Then we'll, like, put another layer like this.
Moltar: (watching from control room) Ohhhhh! It's beautiful!
Emeril Lagasse: Then we'll kinda take a little bit more of that duck meat, you see?
Space Ghost: It's so... hefty!
Emeril Lagasse: It's gettin' tall.
Space Ghost: Does it ever end? (harp music in background)
Emeril Lagasse: I don't know how hungry you are, that's why I'm gonna keep building it until you, like, surrender.
Space Ghost: Whoa. I surrender!
Emeril Lagasse: We gotta have to give it a little BAM! --
Space Ghost: (aims his power bands)
Emeril Lagasse: -- just like that, don't get frightened.
Space Ghost: Sorry, dynamic reflexes.
Emeril Lagasse: And that's my dish for you, Space Ghost. It's the, uh, "Kicked-Up Duck Tacos".
Space Ghost: Now, you would smother that in cheese sauce, right?
Emeril Lagasse: That's entirely up to you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Gravy?
Emeril Lagasse: I wouldn't recommend gravy on this, on this particular dish for you.
Space Ghost: 'Nilla puddin'?
Emeril Lagasse: No pudding.
Space Ghost: No ketchup?
Emeril Lagasse: No ketchup.
Space Ghost: Tartar sauce.
Emeril Lagasse: You gotta get out of that habit, Space Ghost. I'm trying to kick you up a notch.
Space Ghost: Consider me kicked!
Zorak: Hey, the bones.
Emeril Lagasse: Zorak, we'll put the bones, when we're done, in the bag for you, too. Just be patient.
Space Ghost: So, Emeril, who do you think will win here tonight?
Emeril Lagasse: (laughs) Martin has big cleavers, Space Ghost. I just have essence.
Space Ghost: I see! Well, let's see your entry.
(Close-up of kicked-up duck tacos)
Zorak: Mmmmmmm! Ahhhhhh!
Moltar: Mmmmmmm! Ahhhhhh!
Space Ghost: Mmmmmmm! Ahhhhhh!
Moltar: (still watching from control room) Ahhhhhh! I'm in love!
Emeril Lagasse: It's time to dine!
Space Ghost: We'll be right back!
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
Space Ghost: (not realizing he is on camera) [Belllllllllllllcccccccccchhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!] Oh man... I undid my belt three notches, and I still feel like ten pounds of potatoes in a three pound sack.
Moltar: Hey, wide load, we're back.
(Nathalie appears on the monitor)
Space Ghost: Oh, hello there! Welcome, citizen chef! Please identify yourself to the cosmos!
Nathalie Dupree: I'm Nathalie Dupree. I'm the cook.
Space Ghost: You're the cook?
Nathalie Dupree: Well, yes.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'll be the judge of that.
Nathalie Dupree: Okay.
Space Ghost: Make me a chicken chimichanga!
Nathalie Dupree: (pause) Why?
Space Ghost: Well, because this is a cooking competition. And, because I want a chicken chimi!
Nathalie Dupree: Oh...
Space Ghost: And because this is my show, and because I said so.
Nathalie Dupree: I see...
Space Ghost: Then start cooking!
Zorak: Uh, I have a question.
Space Ghost: Zorak has a question.
Nathalie Dupree: Yeah? What does he want to know?
Space Ghost: Make it quick.
Zorak: Do you have any bones?
Space Ghost: He wants your bones.
Nathalie Dupree: Hmmm... that's really distressing.
Zorak: I need your bones... for my soup... you see, I'm gonna put the bones... in... the soup. And it's... the bones go... in the soup.
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak)
Nathalie Dupree: That's not very loving.
Space Ghost: Life's not very loving.
Nathalie Dupree: Hmmm...
Space Ghost: So, what's the deal, you gonna cook for me, or what?
Nathalie Dupree: No. No.
Space Ghost: So, you're not going to cook for me.
Nathalie Dupree: Yeah.
Space Ghost: "Yeah" you will, or "yeah" you won't?
Nathalie Dupree: No. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Have it your way, then. Cook, or be cooked! (blasts her off the monitor) Well, you know what they say, if you can't stand the guest, blast her out of the kitchen!
Zorak: Liar! Nobody says that!
Space Ghost: Moltar! Gimme a chef that'll play ball!
Moltar: (throws a lever, sending Martin to the studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen chef! Identify yourself, please!
Martin Yan: I am Martin Yan, of the "Yan Can Cook" show.
Space Ghost: Can Yan cook?
Martin Yan: I'll show you later.
Space Ghost: That's what I like to hear! So, citizen Yan...
(In unison with Space Ghost, mocking)
Moltar: "Are you getting enough oxygen?"
Zorak: "Are you getting enough oxygen?"
Zorak: Man, am I getting sick of that!
Martin Yan: I have plenty of oxygen, but if I want extra oxygen, I drink soy sauce, doing fermentation, so I got more oxygen, that's how I derive most of my additional oxygen.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Coo-coo-nutty! So, do you have any superpowers besides soy sauce drinking?
Martin Yan: I work out in the kitchen, and I'm powerful enough. But for additional power, (clangs meat cleaver) this is additional power.
Space Ghost: (aims power bands) What are you doing with that?
Martin Yan: (pause) If I don't get nervous, you shouldn't get nervous.
Space Ghost: Hmmm... Good point. (stops aiming)
Martin Yan: You know, I would like to put you in an oven, 375 degree, and roast it.
Space Ghost: Sorry Martin! Yan Can't Cook Space Ghost! It's rude!
Martin Yan: I would put butter on you, and you'd taste better. You taste good, you'd taste even better.
Zorak: Cook him! Cook him! Cook him now!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Zorak!
Zorak: You shut up!
Space Ghost: Make me!
Martin Yan: When you talk too much, I put an apple in your mouth, and you'll shut up.
Zorak & Moltar: (laugh hysterically)
Martin Yan: ... but of course, you're such a nice guy, I would never do that to you.
Zorak & Moltar: Boo! Boo! Boo!
Zorak: Suck-up!
Space Ghost: Whew! (laughs) I gotta tell you, Marty, for a minute there, I thought you were really gonna cook me! Put those away. You're pretty crazy, you know that? (laughs)
Martin Yan: I'm crazy? That's what my mother told me! I believe it!
Space Ghost: As well you should, my boy, as well you should. So, who do you think is going to win our little cooking contest, hmm?
Martin Yan: You know, Emeril is a good friend of mine, and he's a master chef, and I'm quite sure he'll win.
Zorak: Ten bucks on Emeril! (laughs)
Martin Yan: He also is better looking than me, so I better let him win.
Zorak: A hundred bucks on Urkel! Er, Emeril!
Space Ghost: Well, then, are you ready to cook, and lose?
Martin Yan: Let's cook, and maybe feed this ghost!
Space Ghost: (pause) Alrighty. We'll be back with more delicious food after these important messages. (giant eyeball appears on monitor) Aaaaa!
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Martin practices chopping with his cleaver)
Martin Yan: (to someone offscreen) I'm sorry, it's this cheap watch. (takes his watch off)
Space Ghost: Say, Martin's back! And, so's my appetite! What are ya making there, Martin?
Martin Yan: I'm gonna show you how to do a chicken, okay?
Space Ghost: Mmmmmm, chicken tastes like chicken!
Martin Yan: First, you see saw your knife, and you roll your bell pepper look like that. (cores & cuts the bell pepper in one motion) Wow, look at that, the whole thing, done! Ah, I am impressed! And then you cut it up (chops rapidly with cleaver) like that. (more chopping) I'm very impatient, that's how come I go so fast.
Space Ghost: Wwwwwhy don't you watch what you're cutting?
Martin Yan: When I look, I get nervous, that's the reason why.
Space Ghost: Oh, I get it. I'm like that with girls.
Martin Yan: You know, this chicken (wiggles the legs around) is somewhat nervous, 'cause it's never, never get such close encounter with a Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Maybe it's nervous because it's naked.
Zorak: Ewwwwwwwwww, yeh!
Martin Yan: So when the chicken is nervous, you know what? You gotta relax your chicken.
(In unison, with weird dramatic sound effect)
Space Ghost: Relax the chicken?!
Zorak: Relax the chicken?!
Moltar: Relax the chicken?!
Martin Yan: If the chicken is not relaxed, like it's nervous, you can't cut through this, see? So, how do you relax a chicken? You hold it with free hand. Now, Moltar, pay attention. And Zorak, pay --
Moltar: (throws lever in control room, monitor changes to a "CHiPs" episode, where a boat trailer crashes into a parked car) Whoa, speedboat? Look at it backing up.
Martin Yan: You hold onto it like that, you go up and down, up and down, never horizontal movement...
Zorak: Hey, get that camera off me!
Martin Yan: Up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down. After five up and down you go circular motion, like that, ah, the chicken is getting nervous. No more nervous, relaxing. You do about five complete cycles, this is great exercise. One two three four five, one two three four five... (continues exercising the chicken)
Space Ghost: Amazing!
Martin Yan: This is my daily exercise in the kitchen.
Zorak: Man, who needs PBS with educational programming like this?
Martin Yan: Then, when it's nice and ready, look at that, the chicken's very relaxed. The chicken is so relaxed --
Zorak: The chicken isn't relaxed; the chicken's dead!
Space Ghost: Is not, it was just moving, I saw it!
Martin Yan: This chicken's alive!
Zorak: Okay, the chicken's alive. So, Yan can cook. And Yan can go insane. Got it. (whistles)
Space Ghost: Zorak! No insulting the guests!
Zorak: Oh, but blasting them is peachy?
Space Ghost: Darn tootin', nephew breath.
Martin Yan: (slaps his cleaver) Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak, pay attention, heh! Three (slap!), two (slap!), one, one cut, another cut, turn around the side, one cut along the back, hold like this, and you disjoint this, and the whole chicken breast comes out, and the thigh, and the leg, comes out, the tenderon, on this side, comes out, turn it to the other side, and then, disjoint this, the whole chicken breast comes out, the thigh, and the leg, comes out, the last piece of the tenderon, comes out... Space Ghost, are you impressed?
Space Ghost: You killed the chicken.
Martin Yan: No I didn't. I just dissected, the word "kill" is not appropriate. I just cut it up because I know that you are hungry.
(Space Ghost visualizes a slow motion replay of Martin cutting up the chicken, with the words "I just dissected" repeating and echoing, and weird sound effects)
Martin Yan: Then, I put the chicken, which you can marinade the chicken, I put it right over here...
Space Ghost: And then what?! You kill some more, o grim reaper!?
Martin Yan: A very little oil, and you stir and you stir, look at this. When the chicken's almost ready, you put the rest of the stuff in, like this. Mmmmm, you know what, it's gonna look very, very good.
Space Ghost: That's barely a recipe!
Martin Yan: Mmmmm! In such a short time, I have showed you how to do two wonderful, delicious, healthy, economical dish that you can serve over rice, or spaghetti...
Moltar: Beef-a-roni, perhaps?
Zorak: No, beef-a-ghetti!
Space Ghost: Or maybe burritos?
Martin Yan: Or, you can wrap this up with a burrito...
Space Ghost: Moltar, a close-up of the grub! (camera shows close-up of the food) Say! That looks good enough to eat! Okay! Thanks for coming, citizen Yan! Goodnight, everybody!
Zorak: Hey, hey, hey! The bones!
Martin Yan: Okay. Zorak, ah, have it!
Zorak: Yeah, like I'm s'posed to catch that!
Space Ghost: Goodnight, everybody!
Moltar: Hey! Wait, wai- wai- wa- hol- ho- ho- ho- ... You never told us who won.
Space Ghost: It's a tie. Goodnight, everybody!
Moltar: Wait, wait, wha- wha- what about the Council of Doom?
Space Ghost: Council of Doom? Where?
Lokar: Over here, you git!
Black Widow: (screams, and gets blasted by Space Ghost)
Tansut: She didn't do anything to you! And now, look at what you did!
Space Ghost: Sorry. Just went off.
Tansut: I don't think I like you anymore.
Space Ghost: Who invited you guys? Moltar!
Lokar: You invited us to judge your r-r-ridiculous culinary display.
Space Ghost: I did?
Lokar: Yes you did.
Space Ghost: (nervous laugh) Well, thank you for coming.
Lokar: Déjà vu, you pusillanimous pile of pulchritude.
Tansut: Hey! That's Latin for "beautiful". You, you, you just called him beautiful! (laughs)
Lokar: Oh.
Brak: I think he's pretty.
Tansut: Why don't you kiss him, already? (laughs)
Brak: Okay.
Lokar: Well, occasionally these multisyllabic words confound even me.
Space Ghost: Hey Lokar, confound this! (aims power bands at Lokar)
Lokar: Perhaps we can discuss this matt -- aaaahhh!! (gets blasted)
Space Ghost: Well, Tansut, it looks like you've jumped out of the frying pan and into the --
Tansut: Wait, wait! Don't! No, no! Metallus! Do him first!
Metallus: (drones)
Tansut: M comes before T! M comes before T!
Space Ghost: Well, Metallus, looks like you've jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire! (blasts him) Tansut!
Tansut: (subdued) Okay. Now I'm ready. Oh!
Space Ghost: (blasts Tansut) Okay, Widow! Looks like you've jumped ou-- no, I've already got you. Well, Brak, looks like you --
Brak: Wait! Wha- wo- we- wait, I mean, is this gonna hurt?
Space Ghost: A wee mite.
Brak: Oh, okay, well, just don't get me in the face.
Space Ghost: (blasts Brak)
Brak: (coughs and yells)
Space Ghost: How was that?
Brak: That hurt!!! Owww!! (coughs) You're gonna hear from my lawyer!
(Credits roll)
Brak: I'm hungry, I'm tired! I wanna eat!
(Cleaver clangs)

GUEST STARSEmeril LagasseNathalie DupreeMartin Yan
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah DyerAlan Laddie
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillDon KennedyJudy Tenuta
DESIGN COMPANIESTURNER PRODUCTION EFFECTSBig Deal Cartoons
DIGITAL ANIMATIONDerald Hunt
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORTim Garber
PAINTBOX DESIGNERMaury Ingram
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
CAMERABill StarlingJohn Walsh
AUDIOJohn EmbreyMike Reff
EDIT ASSISTANTDan Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanSean Gooden
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNSGill AustinMaya McClureSasha Bogunovic
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaMarty Dalton
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 32 - "Art Show"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:32
Title:Art Show
Original Air Date:December 17, 1996
Guest Stars:Laurie Anderson, Stomp

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Birdman is on the studio monitor)
Birdman: I just don't know what to do, Tad. (sniff) I'm at the end of my rope.
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah, well...
Birdman: Everything was going so great, (sniff) and the Cartoon Network calls me up and says, "oh, sorry, Harvey, but we're passing on your late night show." Just like that, they clip my wings.
Space Ghost: Uh, look, Harvey, I really am sorry about your show, but--
Birdman: Sylvia's left me, you know, and so has Falcon 7. (sniff) Soon as they heard, the two of them just flew off, faster than you can say... "Biiiiirrrrddd Maaaa--" (coughs violently) (sniff)
Space Ghost: Yeah, wellll...
Birdman: Look, Tad, can I borrow some money?
Space Ghost: Uh... Sorry, Harvey, no can do.
Birdman: Please, Tad, my Hanna-Barbera royalties ran out.
Space Ghost: Look, Harv, why don't you call Frankenstein Jr.? The guy's got cash galore!
Birdman: I called Frankenstein Jr.
Space Ghost: Well, how about the Herculoids?
Birdman: Eh, eh, listen, I've called the Herculoids. They laughed at me, blobs and all.
Space Ghost: Llllook, I'm sorry, Harvey, but I have a show to do here.
Birdman: Sure, sure, rub it in. Thanks, pal. Thanks for nothin'. (fades from monitor)
Zorak: (tsk tsk tsk)
Space Ghost: What?! Like you were gonna lend him money?
(Opening theme & titles)
Announcer: Hello, and welcome to my nightmare! It's Space Ghost Coast to Coast! Tonight, performance artist Laurie Anderson, and percussion group Stomp. Plus, Zorak and the Original Way Outs. And now, here he is, he's behind the second set of double doors, after we go down this long hallway, my best friend, Seth Garden!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Ahem! Bon soir, citizens and citizenettes! I am Space Ghost.
Zorak: The other white meat.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Uh, nothin'.
Space Ghost: What is it with you anyways, Zorak?
Zorak: Eh, it's a mantis thing. You wouldn't understand.
Space Ghost: Darn right I wouldn't, my little chucklebug. But I do understand this: tonight we're going to experience yet another rip-roaring slab of quality talk show entertainment.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (pause) Tonight my guests are performance artist and downtown musician type Laurie Anderson, and noise-happy avant garde percussion group Stump, uh, Stomp. (to himself) Eh, sounds artsy-fartsy.
Zorak: (in beatnik getup) Cool!
Space Ghost: Cool, nothing! Art and TV don't mix, everybody knows that! If people wanted to see art on TV, they'd, they'd say, "hey, y'know, I wanna see art on TV!"
Zorak: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: That's what they'd say...
Zorak: The desk. Remember.
Space Ghost: I know where the desk is!
Zorak: (plays Space Ghost to the desk, with some electronic pop music)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Um, okay, I'm ready, let's do it.
Moltar: (throws lever)
(Monitor lowers with Laurie)
Space Ghost: Look, everyone, it's Laurie Anderson, the art freak! A real life artistic type, right here on TV. Welcome, citizen Anderson, are you getting enough oxygen?
Laurie Anderson: Not at the moment, no, are you?
Space Ghost: (laughs) Eh, am I getting enough oxygen! (laughs) Did you hear that, Moltar? (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) I heard. Here's your air, lady. (throws a lever)
Space Ghost: Sooo, Laurie, I hear you're an artist. Sounds difficult.
Laurie Anderson: It's hard to be an artist, don't you think?
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah, I guess so. (quietly) Uh, look, Laurie, for the sake of my ratings, would you please try not to actually do any art, on the show tonight?
Laurie Anderson: Okay.
Space Ghost: Whew! Great! As an "artiste", you must watch a lot of quality television, like, uh, my show, for instance!
Laurie Anderson: Hmm?
Space Ghost: You know, the boob tube!
Laurie Anderson: You know, I, I absolutely never watch television.
Space Ghost: Oh, you're one of those, are ya? (mocking) "Let's stay home and read."
Laurie Anderson: What's 'at?
Space Ghost: I said that, it says here that you work with computers a lot. Y'know, I bought a computer once. It tried to kill me.
Laurie Anderson: I have eleven computers.
Space Ghost: Eleven! That's like--
Zorak: It's like, one louder than ten.
Space Ghost: One more than ten, would be the thing, what's "louder" got to do with it?
Laurie Anderson: I have a lot of equipment, I probably have, um, a hundred, remote controls.
Space Ghost: Get out! That's way more than eleven!
Laurie Anderson: I have a lot.
Space Ghost: Jeez! All right, you win! Emasculator!
Zorak: Space Ghost! You know a big word?
Space Ghost: What, eleven?
Laurie Anderson: Now, I can obviously ask you questions too, right?
Space Ghost: Okay.
Laurie Anderson: Okay
Space Ghost: Sure.
Laurie Anderson: What's your favorite ice cream?
Space Ghost: I like cake.
Laurie Anderson: What's your favorite city?
Space Ghost: I like cake.
Laurie Anderson: What's your favorite organ?
Space Ghost: I like -- Ummmm, uh, Zorak, what do you think?
Zorak: Well, this is the Gold Key XG5 3000.
Space Ghost: With the sampler thingie, right?
Zorak: Yyyes, just listen! (plays "Jingle Bells" with Zorak's sampled voice saying "Die!")
Space Ghost: Pretty fancy, eh, Laurie?
Laurie Anderson: Yeah, that's not bad.
Space Ghost: Any more questions, Laurie?
Laurie Anderson: You on-line?
Space Ghost: I like cake.
Laurie Anderson: That's the thing I like most about being on-line, it's invisibility.
Space Ghost: Yah, I can do that. (invisos out)
Laurie Anderson: Oops, where'd you go? (laughs) Hey! He's gone again, so alone here.
Moltar: For good, I hope.
Zorak: Hey, Laurie! Moltar & I are on-line. We talked to Larry Storch in a chat room once.
Laurie Anderson: Good, okay, good.
Zorak: My on-screen name is "lonemantisoftheapocalypse@ghostplanet.com"
Moltar: My on-screen name is "hotboy@.." somethin' somethin'.
Zorak: Settle a bet for us; who created cyberspace? Al Gore or Sega!
Laurie Anderson: It's not Al Gore!
Moltar: Ahhh, nuts!
Laurie Anderson: Richard Milhous Nixon.
Moltar: No!!
Zorak: No way!
Laurie Anderson: He was the guy to cut the, you know, took the country off the gold standard. So after that, then money was abstract, it was nothing, it was like, it was just numbers...
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Behold! (invisos back out again)
Laurie Anderson: ... and once it becomes so completely ethereal, then it can be anything, then you can have, like, the 80's happen, y'know, which it did, like, right away. But, you know, that, it was that, those were, that was the first, um, thing that, I think, the, uh, invention of cyberspace was really about those banks...
Space Ghost: (invisos in, then yawns) Behold! (flies off into space)
Laurie Anderson: ... So, I think if it was a leap of faith for people to put their money in there, and think that it was doing, going somewhere, you know?
Zorak: I don't know.
Laurie Anderson: You agree?
Space Ghost: (from out in space) Sure it's free!
Moltar: (to Space Ghost on control room monitor) Laurie's still down here, are you done?
Space Ghost: With what?
Moltar: The interview?
Space Ghost: I'm out here!
Moltar: Yeah, I know, I got you on the monitor. Uh, shall we go to break, or what? Break?
Space Ghost: Oh. (pause) Hey! Anybody need saving out here?
Voice: No, no, I think I'm okay. (long pause) Yeah, yeah, I'm okay.
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
(Ghost Planet Industries building bumper)
Space Ghost: (on control room monitor, to Moltar) Is she gone?
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk) (sighs) Okay now! We're going to talk with several members of Team Stomp. And, they're going to perform for us afterwards?
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: This better not be anything like that Anderson--
Moltar: (throws lever, sends Chad to the studio monitor)
Chad Kukahiko: Hi, I'm Chad--
Space Ghost: Chad!? My evil lunatic twin brother?!
Chad Kukahiko: (grins back silently)
Space Ghost: You grew a pony tail!
Chad Kukahiko: Uh, yeah, why not?
Zorak: (looks on)
Moltar: (looks on)
Space Ghost: (nervous laugh) Oh, sorry, I thought, I thought you were my Chad. So, you're...
Chad Kukahiko: I am Chad Kukahiko, member of Stomp, and alien.
Space Ghost: So, why is your group called Stomp?
Chad Kukahiko: Um, because what we do more often than anything else, is just smack things, and, stomp on things, it's a onomatopoeia. You can look that up in a dictionary, if you don't know what that means, but it's sort of--
Space Ghost: (blasts him off the monitor) (sighs) It was bound to happen once today. Moltar!
Moltar: (throws lever, sends Ameenah to the studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen...
Ameenah Kaplan: Thank you.
Space Ghost: ... please identify yourself to the universe.
Ameenah Kaplan: I am Ameenah Kaplan.
Space Ghost: Have you ever been in space before?
Ameenah Kaplan: Uh, no, not, not that I can recall. I mean, perhaps in my sleep, the aliens, they come, whatever, but not that I can recall.
Space Ghost: (scoots closer) So, can you explain to me why you are called Stomp?
Ameenah Kaplan: Because we stomp on the ground with our... feet.
Space Ghost: (pause) (with sarcasm) Hey, I get it now! They stomp on the ground with their feet! And, people pay to see that?
Ameenah Kaplan: Yes.
Space Ghost: So, what superpowers do you have?
Ameenah Kaplan: My superpowers? I have, I can... (shakes her head) None. I was gonna lie...
Zorak: Well, good for you!
Ameenah Kaplan: No, I was gonna lie, you see, but, you know, I decided just to tell the truth.
Zorak: Ewwgh! Suck-up!
Space Ghost: So, what role do you play in Stomp?
Ameenah Kaplan: Uh, I hit things really hard--
Space Ghost: Could you give us a sample of what you'll all be doing for us later?
Ameenah Kaplan: You mean, like a circus animal, like, just to start performing?
Space Ghost: Yes, exactly like a circus animal.
Ameenah Kaplan: You have some balls I can juggle and stand on one foot?
Space Ghost: You bet. Ladies and gentlemen, Mitzi, the Dancing Elephant!
(Stomp performs on the studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox... Matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, matchbox, eh... (pause) This is boring. (pause) Is this all they do?
Moltar: That's about the extent of it, yeah.
Space Ghost: (sighs) I'm goin' back out.
Moltar: Well, you want me to shut everything off when we're done?
Space Ghost: (yawning) Uh huh, shut everything off when you're done.
Zorak: Should we try to escape when you're gone?
Space Ghost: Huh?
Zorak: Me and Moltar, him and me, should we, try to escape?
Space Ghost: Oh, uh... No, don't escape.
Moltar: Where're you goin', anyway?
Space Ghost: Hold on... (Stomp finishes their number) Are they done?
Moltar: Ummm... uh... (they start performing another number) No.
Space Ghost: (sighs) I'm goin' back out.
Moltar: Should I... roll the credits?
(Credits roll)
(Voiceover with Stomp still playing in background)
Space Ghost: Yeah, what the hey.
Moltar: Yeah, I, I already did it.
Space Ghost: Oh, um... good job.
Moltar: Where're you goin', anyway? Can I ask that, or is it personal?
Space Ghost: Oh, I don't know. Out there. Somewhere.
Moltar: Anywhere near a video store?
Space Ghost: Maybe.
Moltar: Could you return something for me? If I gave it to you?
Space Ghost: Sure! Hey, uh, you want I should bring something back?
Zorak: Yeah, "The Spawning", get "The Spawning"!
Space Ghost: I'm not gonna get "The Spawning". What is the one, yeah, you know, the one with the three guys and the baby?
Zorak: No! Don't get that!
Moltar: No! Do NOT get that!
Space Ghost: Euhhhhhh... Gutenberg..
Zorak: No!
Moltar: No!

GUEST STARSLaurie AndersonStomp
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah DyerAlan Laddie
ADDITIONAL WRITING BYDave WillisChip DuffeyAndy MerrillPete Smith
EDITORSBill WilnerJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyScott Finnell
DESIGN COMPANIESTurner Production EffectsBig Deal Cartoons
3D ANIMATIONDerald Hunt
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORTim Garber
FLAME ARTISTButch Seibert
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanSean Gooden
EDIT ASSISTANTTim Schnack
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNSGill AustinMaya McClureSasha Bogunovic
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaJohn E. Bradley
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 33 - "Woody Allen's Fall Project"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:33
Title:Woody Allen's Fall Project
Original Air Date:December 24, 1996
Guest Star:James Kirkconnell

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
WAITING (hand-scrawled over cheesy swirly background)
(Opening theme with titles and homemade-looking effects)
Announcer: It's Space Ghost Coast to Coast! Tonight, a word-for-word re-enactment of some old stuff performed by some people you don't know, like Andy Merrill, Dave Willis, and Gus Jordan. Plus, Sean Gooden, Isabel Gonzalez, Scott Lipe, and Rex Bullion. And now, in case you haven't already changed the channel, James Kirkconnell!
(James is sitting behind a desk, with a Space Ghost coffee mug. Subtitle box appears and fades [and during subsequent appearances])James KirkconnellSpace Ghost Expert
James Kirkconnell: Welcome to the amazing tales of the classic superhero, Space Ghost, who has entertained young and old for generations. I'm James Kirkconnell, and I'll be your host. Tonight our tales from the Ghost Planet will be re-enacted by the Ghost Planet Dinner Theatre Ensemble, of Doraville, Georgia. Presented for you, the viewer, are a selection of famous moments, from Space Ghost's talk show, "Space Ghost Coast to Coast." Let's look in as our players interpret a scene from the show's fifth episode, entitled "Bobcat," starring funnyman Bobcat Goldthwait. In the following amazing exchange, it is easy to see why Mr. Goldthwait is remembered as one of Space Ghost's favorite guests. And now, our word-for-word re-enactment, of a conversation that took place at a certain time, in a certain dimension, somewhere deep in space. (eerie sound effect)
(Superimposed titles appear and fade)
May 27, 1994Re-enactmentSpace Ghost engages in conversation with funnyman Bobcat Goldthwait.
(Zorak and Way Outs play theme music)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Barney's going to make more kids snap than Bugs Bunny.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Bobcat Goldthwait: A kid knows Bugs Bunny's joking around, kids think Barney's for real!
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Bobcat Goldthwait: "I love you", you don't love us, Barney, you don't even know us!
Space Ghost: Okay! We're back with Bobcat Goldthwait! I understand that you have special powers.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yes. I'm able to, uh, bend forks.
Space Ghost: Wow!
Bobcat Goldthwait: But only at Denny's. Any other kind of forks I don't seem to be able to bend.
Space Ghost: Wow, now, is this physically or mentally?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Um, I do it with my mind... but you gotta look away, really, for a little while.
Space Ghost: When I said you were pretty, I meant you remind me of Judy Collins.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Judy Collins? (laughs) Wow, Space Ghost, man, crack a window, will ya?
Space Ghost: I'd be violently sucked into space.
Moltar: Then maybe people would tune in.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Well, I think Moltar's giving us the signal to wrap it up, huh, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: No, Bobcat, that's just his way of telling us to finish the interview. Join us for dinner after the show?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Thanks, I'd love to join you for dinner, but I don't know about eating with no gigantic locust. Don't they spit on their food first and then mulch it up and spit it back out?
Zorak: That's regurgitational ingestion, flies do it, not locusts.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah, well, but you know, that's exactly how I eat, so, perhaps I will dine with you.
Space Ghost: Alrighty! We'll meet you in the chamber after the show. Any parting words?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Space Ghost, I want to party with you.
Space Ghost: You mean with a party cake and lemonade and paper hats?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Perhaps, perhaps.
Space Ghost: Alrighty then! (taps his cue cards)
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: (claps) And so our classic superhero Space Ghost went on to talk with The Ramones, with typically illuminating results. Next, our actors take on a particularly challenging moment, in the lexicon of Space Ghost's material. Our superhero, stalwart, manly, single, becomes smitten with his guest television superstar turned author, Fran Drescher. We join our troupe just as the blush of love begins to color Space Ghost's superheroic perception for the first time. Once again, I invite you to witness our word-for-word re-enactment, of an amazing scene from the episode "Girlie Show". It took place at a certain time, in a certain dimension, somewhere deep in space. (eerie sound effect)
(Superimposed titles appear and fade)
March 24, 1995Re-enactmentSpace Ghost is charmed by the feminine wiles of television's Fran Drescher. Zorak attempts to disrupt the proceedings.
Zorak: Hey hey, ho ho, Space Ghost has got to go. (sign says "DESTROY ALL TALK SHOWS") (repeats chant in background while others talk)
Space Ghost: (to himself) After lunch, we'll marry, in a simple ceremony. She'll grow to love the Ghost Planet after a while...
Zorak: (still chanting in background)
Space Ghost: (to Fran) Don't mind him, dearest. Labor dispute.
Fran Drescher: Well, you can fire him, you're the star.
Zorak: Hey hey, ... He can't fire me! I'm the hardest working mantis in show business! Hi-yo!
Space Ghost: Forget him, my fair Nanny! He's but a lowly proletariat.
Zorak: Actually, I'm Episcopalian.
Space Ghost: (lounge music in background) You know, I've never met a woman guest quite like you before, Nanny.
Fran Drescher: Thank you, I know.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, I can sense quality in a female of the species when I scan for it.
Zorak: (belches)
Space Ghost: Zorak! There's a Nanny present! Watch your mouth!
Zorak: I can't. It's... it's too underneathy.
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Fran Drescher: (laughs) My husband says that...
Space Ghost: Husband?
Fran Drescher: Right.
Space Ghost: I'm sorry Nanny, but... good-bye.
Fran Drescher: (looking puzzled)
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: (claps) One wonders if valiant super-crusader Space Ghost is still haunted, by the melodious laughter of television's "The Nanny". We hope you enjoyed our word-for-word interpretation of their meeting. Next, Space Ghost comes face to face with the disturbing antics of Bill Manspeaker, of the schlock rock group "Green Jelly". We take you now to the re-enactment of a scene from the episode "Freak Show", in which Mr. Manspeaker appears before Space Ghost, in a fearsome and elaborate costume. Our hero expresses his frustration, at Moltar's apparent inability to produce a guest who is not, as Space Ghost says, "a freak." And now, our word-for-word re-enactment, of an amazing conversation, that took place at a certain time, in a certain dimension, somewhere deep in space. (eerie sound effect)
(Superimposed titles appear and fade)
May 22, 1996Re-enactmentSpace Ghost is visibly angered by the freakish antics of Green Jelly's Bill Manspeaker.
Bill Manspeaker: Hello there, Mr. Space Ghost, where are you?
Space Ghost: And just who are you supposed to be?
Bill Manspeaker: I'm 100% stupid.
Space Ghost: (pause) Moltar, do you have any non-freaks to put in my monitor?
Moltar: Well... no.
Space Ghost: Oh, well that's just great!
Bill Manspeaker: Whe- where's Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, shut up!
Bill Manspeaker: I, I want Space Ghost now! Where is he?
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: Are, are you like Jeannie or Bewitched?
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: First we start it off with a little guitar (plays air guitar chord) And then I go, "Yeaaaaaah!" And then the girls go, "Woooooo!" And then I go, "Hot mamas!" And then they go, "Here's a whole bunch o' money!" I take the money; then I go out and I try to buy Apple Jacks, but you know, then the secret service is comin', and got hittin' me, and I'd say, "Stop hittin' me, who's hittin' you, stop it!"
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Bill Manspeaker: You look like a woman on TV.
Space Ghost: Okay, that's it. I can't take this anymore.
Bill Manspeaker: Space Ghost, no, don't leave me!
Space Ghost: (zaps the monitor with his destructo ray) Anybody have any idea who that was?
Zorak: Some lost soul, cowering behind some cheap costume, afraid to reveal his true identity.
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: (claps) And so we conclude this amazing re-enactment of a scene from the classic superhero Space Ghost and his show, "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". This is James Kirkconnell saying, we'll be back in a minute with more re-enactments.
INTERRUPT FEED (hand-scrawled over cheesy swirly background)
START FEED (hand-scrawled over cheesy swirly background)
James Kirkconnell: Welcome back to our presentation of famous scenes from "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", interpreted by the Ghost Planet Dinner Theatre Ensemble, of Doraville, Georgia. I'm James Kirkconnell, your host. On March 31st, 1995, superhero Space Ghost welcomed as his guest Michael Stipe, from the acclaimed and popular rock combo, "R.E.M." In this re-enactment of a scene from the episode entitled "Hungry", Space Ghost and his band leader Zorak are joined by Raymond, Zorak's small nephew. And now, relax and enjoy our word-for-word re-enactment, of an amazing conversation that took place at a certain time, in a certain dimension, somewhere deep in space. (eerie sound effect)
(Superimposed titles appear and fade)
March 31, 1995Re-enactmentSpace Ghost and Michael Stipe discuss a possible dinner engagement with Zorak and his young nephew, Raymond.
Space Ghost: Okay, Mike, I'm going to send you a high-pitched message that only you can hear!
Zorak: (to himself) Why me?
Space Ghost: (opens mouth, extremely high pitch sound)
Michael Stipe: (tilts head to one side) No message, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Okay then, sing that song, sing that, "Shiny Shiny People" song.
Michael Stipe: No.
Space Ghost: I'll get you started. (sings) "Shiny shiny people, shiny shiny people..."
Michael Stipe: I hate that song, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Oh, me too, Michael, me too. Say, Mike, do think I'm a shiny shiny person?
Michael Stipe: I would say yes.
Space Ghost: Yes?
Michael Stipe: Yes.
Space Ghost: You're sure?
Michael Stipe: Yes, absolutely.
Space Ghost: You don't see some dark, horrible corner inside of me somewhere?
Michael Stipe: No, none.
Space Ghost: Okay. You're sure?
Michael Stipe: Yep.
Zorak: I have a question. Is that you in the corner?
Michael Stipe: (looks down under glasses)
Zorak: (points) That way, in the corner! (picture of Zorak's band, with Michael Stipe's face in lower right corner of screen, rubbing front teeth)
Michael Stipe: Yeah, that's me in the corner, yeah.
Zorak: Freaky!
Space Ghost: So what's next for you? What's on your plate? (stomach growls) Oooh!
Michael Stipe: Uh, I'm, I'm going to drive to dinner.
Zorak: Take us!
Michael Stipe: No.
Raymond: I wanna go!
Zorak: Take us, please!
Michael Stipe: No.
Zorak: C'mon, Stipe! Give us a break! Buy us some dinner!
Raymond: I wanna sit down.
Zorak: Shut up!
Space Ghost: Well, how about him, will he take us?
Michael Stipe: (in the corner) Yes, absolutely!
Space Ghost: Great! See you! (zaps Michael off screen of main monitor)
Moltar: (to Michael in control room) Just me, Moltar, outta lines, hangin' out.
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: (claps) Space Ghost, Zorak, and his nephew Raymond, never made the proposed dinner with Mr. Stipe, as Raymond was tragically devoured by Zorak, as an off-camera snack. Those hungry for high drama will relish our final re-enactment, a legendary scene from the episode entitled "Banjo", in which Space Ghost nurtures a small sea monkey into a horrific aberration intent on destroying his talk show set. Joining Space Ghost is comic performer Weird Al Yankovic. And now behold our final word-for-word re-enactment of the evening, which begins with an amazing conversation: one that took place at a certain time, in a certain dimension, somewhere deep in space. (eerie sound effect)
(Superimposed titles appear and fade)
September 10, 1994Re-enactmentZorak uses his hypnotic powers to seize the mind of Weird Al Yankovic. Space Ghost rescues his guest from the clutches of Zorak's incantation. He then introduces Banjo, his pet sea monkey.
Space Ghost: Zorak's wacky. Ain't he?
Weird Al Yankovic: Uh, sure, um. Hey, Zorak, you evil locust!
Zorak: Mantis!
Weird Al Yankovic: My powers are beyond your comprehension.
Zorak: (eyes spinning) Do a B flat.
Weird Al Yankovic: Baaaaaaaaa! (does a really high B flat).
Space Ghost: (joins in, slightly off key, trying several times) Baaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaa!
Zorak: Now, contort your body.
Weird Al Yankovic: Okay. (contorts his body.)
Space Ghost: Baaaaaaaa.. what does that feel like?
Weird Al Yankovic: Well, it's kinda painful and it kinda feels good at the same time.
Space Ghost: You mean like when your enemy is shaving your back and...
Moltar: (shivering) Oh-h-h-h-h-h!
Weird Al Yankovic: (still contorted) Can you help me here, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: What?
Weird Al Yankovic: Can you help me?
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah, yeah. (says "spell"; Al un-contorts) You know, that reminds me of a story... a story about a little pellet who, with a little grit and a lot of sheer will, became a Sea Monkey...
Weird Al Yankovic: He also shot a man in Reno just to watch him die.
Space Ghost: (laughs) And you know, Al, that little Sea Monkey is named... Banjo.
Zorak: Here, Banjo! (Banjo appears on the set, looking like a Chinese New Year dragon)
Space Ghost: Banjo!
Zorak: Here, shrimp.
Space Ghost: Aren't you plucky! Finding your way to the set...
(Banjo shoots a ray out of his mouth at Zorak)
Zorak: Uh oh. (gets blasted)
Space Ghost: Jumpin' jujubes!
Moltar: Man, that's a big shrimp!
Weird Al Yankovic: Well, I gotta go now! (waves, ducks out of his chair and leaves)
Space Ghost: No, Banjo! Why are you doing this? I gave you life!
Zorak: No!! (gets blasted again by Banjo)
Space Ghost: What have I unleashed! (in a low voice) That's it boy. Come get some.
(Space Ghost fires a destructo-ray and blows up Banjo.)
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: At this moment in the episode entitled "Banjo", explosions rock the set, causing our brave host to plummet from the sky, falling on his superheroic behind. We pick up the episode in time for Space Ghost's closing soliloquy.
(Superimposed title appears and fades)
Moments later
Space Ghost: Why do we always hurt the ones we love? Why, Banjo? Why?! Banjo! Banjo! Banjooooo!
(Back at the desk)
James Kirkconnell: (claps) And so we have a very grieve Space Ghost, to the end of Banjo, not to mention a lesson learned about the danger of sea monkey kits in space. We hope you have enjoyed our re-enactments, assisted by the Ghost Planet Dinner Theatre Ensemble, of Doraville, Georgia.
(Cast members take a bow; superimposed subtitle appears and fades)
Ghost Planet Dinner Theatre EnsembleDoraville, Georgia
James Kirkconnell: (claps) Tonight, you have witnessed re-enactments of fantastic adventures, both amazing and profound. This is James Kirkconnell for Space Ghost Coast to Coast, in a certain time, in a certain dimension, bidding you farewell.
(Credits roll)
Bill Manspeaker: Stop hittin' me, who's hittin' you, stop it!
James Kirkconnell: (a single clap)

SPACE GHOSTAndy Merrill
NARRATORJames Kirkconnell
ZORAKDave WillisJefferson Clay
MOLTARGus Jordan
BOBCAT GOLDTHWAITSean Gooden
FRAN DRESCHERIsabel Gonzalez
BILL MANSPEAKERDerrick Slaugenhaupt
MICHAEL STIPEScott Lipe
WEIRD AL YANKOVICRex Bullion
ANNOUNCERGeorge Lowe
BANJOPete SmithSean GoodenGus JordanGill AustinIsabel GonzolezKaili RubinChip Duffey
WRITERSChip DuffeyAndy MerrillMatthew MaiellaroKhaki JonesEvan DorkinSarah DyerChris FerestenSteve O'DonnellSpike Feresten
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
DESIGN COMPANYTurner Production Effects & Advanced Imaging
OPENPete SmithAndy Merrill
EFFECTS SUPERVISORBill Chapman
DIGITAL COMPOSITORMonda Ray
PAINTBOX ARTISTSKen ClarkePaul Markowski
FLAME ARTISTButch Seibert
PROJECT MANAGERLaura Klene
TECHNICAL DIRECTORBrian Smythe
LIGHTING DIRECTORMike Robertson
ELECTRICIANSDavid BurnsThomas BranchJohn Halden
CAMERAAl EastmanMichael deLavallade
VIDEOTAPE OPERATORJohn Parks
TELEPROMPTERSandy SmytheJohn Grey
SOUND DESIGNRoy Clements
AUDIOChris IveyGalen Chandler
SET & PROPSTom Haney
WARDROBEMaya McClure
MAKEUPSarah Mays
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
STAGE MANAGERJefferson Clay
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanSean GoodenGill Austin
CATERINGFour Corners Catering
EDIT ASSISTANTTim Schnack
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaRichard CampRon SuttonRob MasonGreg AgnewJim Fortier
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERKeith Crofford
PRODUCERMichael Lazzo

© 1996 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 34 - "Rehearsal"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:34
Title:Rehearsal
Original Air Date:July 17, 1997
Guest Star:Fred Schneider

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
April 13, 1994Somewhere deep in space...
(Set construction noises in background)
Space Ghost: Instead of over to the desk, theme music, cold open, opening remarks. I get it...
Bob: You got it.
Space Ghost: So, you're saying, cold open first, then the theme music...
Bob: Mmm hmm.
Space Ghost: ... then we hit them with opening remarks...
Bob: Right.
Space Ghost: ... then, then I go to the desk.
Bob: Right.
Space Ghost: That's different.
Bob: (pause) Yeah.
Space Ghost: (pause) So, you're saying, cold open -
Bob: Uh, it's, it's a continuity thing, y'see, you can't have a cold open after the theme.
Space Ghost: Mmm hmm, gotcha.
Bob: Okay. Places, everybody. Zorak? Ready to go with the theme music?
Zorak: Eh, hang on a minute. (plays the keys, the opening vocals of "Hit Single" play.) 'Ere we go.
Bob: Okay, people, less than two days before the big premier. Today we're rollin' tape on this stand-in guest, this guy, uh, Fred... Schneider? Um, before the real deal on Friday, okay?
Zorak: Is this thing on? (eyes spin, with Indian chanting in background)
Bob: Whoa, Zorak! Save some for Friday night, huh?
Zorak: Y'know, this sound effect isn't working for me, it's, too wacky.
Bob: Eh, you're right, y'know what, I'll pull some stuff tonight. Okay, everybody, look alive, cue music and title page, we're rolling tape this time.
Space Ghost: (practicing power band moves) And destroy, two, three, four, and fry, two, three...
Bob: Hey, let's try to look like some cartoon characters that are about to make TV history, alright?
Zorak: (stares)
Bob: Action!
Zorak: Hi mom!
(Opening theme & titles)
(Inviso sound, but no Space Ghost)
Bob: Um... where's Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: (in control room with Moltar) Hiya! I'm Space Ghost!
Moltar: Hiya! I'm Moltar!
Bob: Hold it! You missed your mark.
Space Ghost: Shoot. Sorry.
Bob: Still rollin'. Go, go again.
Space Ghost: (invisos to stage) Hiya, I'm -
Bob: Cut!
Space Ghost: Yeah?
Bob: Looks good, you look good comin' out, but, uh, Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Yeah?
Bob: Um, let's see if you can come up with some better words, you know? Uh, you're a superhero, feel that.
Space Ghost: (quietly) Okay, okay.
Bob: "Hiya", it just doesn't cut it.
Space Ghost: Gotcha, I'm feelin' it. We're ready?
Bob: Alright, go.
Space Ghost: (starts to inviso out)
Bob: Skip the inviso. (invisos back in quickly) Salutations, citizens of Earth! Space Ghost of the cosmos here, and I am commanding you to...
Bob: Cut! Cut!
Space Ghost: I went off, didn't I?
Bob: It's a little strong. Almost there, but, not so... overbearing, y'know? Take a deep breath, and...
Space Ghost: (takes a couple deep breaths)
Bob: Action!
Space Ghost: Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! Tonight on Space Ghost Coast to Coast, we have (monitor starts to lower early) Fred Schneider of the B-52's...
Bob: Not yet, Moltar. (monitor raises again)
Moltar: Sorry.
Zorak: Line.
Bob: Cut! You don't have a line, Zorak. You're just playing off Space Ghost.
Zorak: Um, I'm challenging him, to, give me a line.
Bob: Okay, but, uh, for our first show, let's try something, a little less oblique.
Zorak: Easy. You caught me off guard. Sorry. (clears his throat) Um, now what's my motivation?
Bob: Okay. You're a space villain, Space Ghost has enslaved you to work on his show, just like in '68 only, more angry.
Zorak: Um... okay. Ready?
Bob: You betcha. Let him have it. And, action.
Zorak: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Say hello to Zorak, ladies and gentlemen. My green with evil sidekick.
Zorak: Fear me, O people of Earth! Memorize my grim viságe -
Bob: Cut! "Visage", Zorak. Why, why don't you try "countenance" instead?
Zorak: Countenance, huh? Alright. Fear me, O people of Earth! Memorize my grim coun - (explosion from out of nowhere blasts Zorak) (coughs)
Bob: Cut! Hang on, everybody.
Zorak: Crimony! (coughs)
Bob: Uh, Joe, get in here, will you? And, uh, get some makeup on Zorak.
Zorak: What's the deal here?
Space Ghost: Say, I didn't even fire.
Bob: Right. Techies, in here. This is just a glitch, people.
Moltar: Hey, uh, Bob? I gotta go.
Bob: Uh, everyone? Moltar has to go. Can someone come escort him, please.
Moltar: Oh, uh, and I'd like another coffee. And some of those biscuits, if there's any left.
Zorak: Bring me some of those, uh, orange crackers with peanut butter.
Space Ghost: (daydreaming to himself) (Space Ghost is the Cinderella story in this year's tournament, one well-placed blast and he'll take the championship. And we'll return to Augusta after these messages.)
Bob: Space Ghost? Space Ghost? Space Ghost!!
Space Ghost: Huh? What? Hey! Hey, alrighty!
Bob: I'm sorry, man. I, I don't mean to yell like that, I just, I, I wanna try that remote segment, okay? I'm gonna have Zorak improv a little intro thing.
Space Ghost: Ehh, yeah. Wwell, okay.
Bob: And, uh, Bill, could we get Space Ghost in the banana suit, eh?
Zorak: I'm ready when you are.
Bob: Okay, Space Ghost is going to inviso down to his mark in Atlanta.
Zorak: Gotcha. Eh, where do I look? (turns to one side)
Bob: Uh, straight ahead.
Zorak: (faces front again)
Bob: And, we're ready? Okay. And, action.
Zorak: (with title logo, steel drum music starts) Ask the Big Banana. (music stops) Eh, was that okay?
Bob: Uh, give me a little more, Zorak. C'mon, stretch a little. Uh, we're still rollin', right? Okay, here we go.
Zorak: (clears his throat; music starts again) Hey, kids, it's time for, time to ask the questions, time for your wacky questions to the Big Banana in, outer space. (music stops) Eh, how'm I doin'?
Space Ghost: (on location in downtown Atlanta, in banana suit, his face not showing) I'm not real comfortable here, Bob.
Bob: (aside) The suit's on backwards, this is great. (to Space Ghost) Uh, the suit's on backwards.
Space Ghost: Is that what it is?
Bob: Mostly. Um, just try to go with it, would you, please?
Space Ghost: I... okay. Hey, you, come here.
Kaili Rubin: Hi.
Space Ghost: They call me the Big Banana. Got any questions for me?
Kaili Rubin: Uh... where's your face?
Space Ghost: (laughs) Where my face... Er, well, I'm a banana, see? Bananas don't have faces. (steel drum music)
Kaili Rubin: Whatever. (walks off)
Zorak: I've never even seen a banana in space.
Moltar: Yeah, uh, it's a high concept piece.
Space Ghost: Okay. That was fun. Can we try something else, Bob?
Bob: Just one more, please.
Space Ghost: I'm starting to sweat, Bob.
Bob: Okay, okay. Come, come on,
Space Ghost: Um... Bob? I, I can't reach my inviso belt. Bob? You better send a -
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Bob: Okay, Zorak, I need you to run through the, uh, over to the desk music, okay?
Zorak: Alright. I had a new idea that I wanna tr- (BLAM!) (Zorak is blasted again for no reason) (coughs repeatedly)
Moltar: Ho ho, that's not right.
Zorak: What in Andromeda's name is going on?
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk) Where are we? Did I miss something?
Zorak: I'd just like to see it coming, is that too much to ask?
Bob: We're sorry, Zorak, but it's rehearsal, right, I mean, that's why we're here. Now Fran, get some makeup on Zorak again...
Space Ghost: I'm not sure that banana segment is working.
Bob: Ah, we'll, we'll deal with that later. You, you up on all your questions?
Space Ghost: Eh, definitely. What are your superpowers, oxygen, got it.
Bob: Okay, we're gonna take it from the intro of our guest. Zorak, you're back, right?
Zorak: Yes, I'm fine.
Space Ghost: Say, who's up on Friday night?
Bob: Um, it's, uh, it's not firmed up yet, but, um, we're, um, uh, we've got calls in to Johnny Carson and Barbra Streisand...
Space Ghost: I like Streisand.
Bob: Um, and Susan Powter's on standby if anything falls through.
Space Ghost: Hmmm...
Zorak: And Birdman waiting in the wings if you keep flubbing your intro.
Birdman: Oh, please please, please please please please please pleeeease!
Bob: Okay, let's go. And... action.
Space Ghost: Let's welcome tonight's guest, he's one of those zany B-52's, ladies and gentlemen, let's give it up for Fred Schneider!
Fred Schneider: (as monitor lowers) Hello hello hello!
Bob: (in background) Good... good...
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen Fred! Welcome to my show!
Fred Schneider: (mechanically) Thank you very much.
Space Ghost: Are you getting enough carbohydrates?
Bob: Cut! Oxygen, SG, are you getting enough oxygen.
Space Ghost: Don't use it myself.
Bob: Your, your line, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Just funnin' ya.
Zorak: Birdman, Coast to Coast.
Bob: And... action.
Space Ghost: (subdued) So... Fred Schneider. Singer. Activist. Performer. Are you getting enough oxygen?
Bob: (sarcastic) Riviting.
Fred Schneider: Um, no, because of hay fever, I am suffering.
Space Ghost: Sorry to hear that. And, eh, superpowers, got any?
Fred Schneider: Well, besides super-B.O., um...
Space Ghost: Super-B.O.?
Fred Schneider: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (more animated) Well, then, get ready for a blast from my aerosol deodorant ray, mister! (aims power bands at monitor)
Fred Schneider: What?
Bob: Whoa! Wha, cut! (Space Ghost's teeth are clenched) Whoa! Put that, hey, put that down! Do not threaten the guest!
Space Ghost: Uh...
Bob: Hang on, people!
Moltar: (to Fred) Hey man, you, uh, need anything right now?
Fred Schneider: Stay where you are, because you don't wanna be here.
Moltar: Yeah, I heard that!
Bob: Mr. Schneider, we apologize, SG's a little nervous tonight.
Fred Schneider: No, not at-
Space Ghost: Fred...
Fred Schneider: Huh?
Space Ghost: Look at me. Do you have any advice for me as I take on the late night talk show wars?
Fred Schneider: Let it happen, let it all hang out.
Space Ghost: Just sort of relax and go with it, you mean.
Fred Schneider: Yes.
Space Ghost: So, do you think I should be a serious talk show host, or just plain wacky?
Fred Schneider: Just do anything, who cares, just shake it. Shake it loose.
Space Ghost: Gotcha. I'm shakin' it. So, what's this "Love Shack" all the kids are talkin' about?
Bob: Cut! Um, we're outta time. Fred, thanks for comin' in for the run-through. Would, um, would you consider doin' an actual guest spot?
Fred Schneider: I will if you pay me enough money.
Bob: Of course. Well, um, thank you. (Fred fades from monitor, and is replaced by static) Good job, SG, eh, that feel good for you?
Space Ghost: I was horrible, I spent so much time worrying about which question to ask next, I wasn't even hearing his responses.
Bob: Well, you'll, you'll, you'll grow with it. Listen, I gotta, I gotta take this call, every-, everybody take five.
Space Ghost: You know, this is somethin'. Guys like us with our own talk show, it's a testament to our continued popularity.
Moltar: Yeah, well... I hear it's a cost-saving method.
Space Ghost: How do you mean?
Moltar: It's the 90's, Space Ghost. Network brass is openly referring to us as the "B" characters in their cartoon library. Something about "building equity".
Space Ghost: I can't believe that! They told me -
Zorak: Ah, don't get your nylons in a wad, it's just a business. I'm under no delusions about this particular gig.
Moltar: Yeah, but come on! "B" characters? Maybe you and me, but Space Ghost here had his own jigsaw puzzle.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Thanks, Moltar, but Zorak's right. The only thing to do right now is put out the best darn talk show we can. (set is broken down as he speaks) Arsenio, Dave, Leno... You know, maybe it's time you fellas took a step back from the fleet lights of adulation, and took a good look around. There's a distant thunder drawing near, rolling in across the vast wasteland of popular entertainment. Maybe you can't see it coming because your view is blocked by cheap façades of skylines and cityscapes. But you'd better make ready, my friends, because this thunder is preparing to rain down fear and terror on your gilded houses of complacency! Mark my words, big shot late night gab-fest mavens, you're about to tangle with a one-dimensional caricature, and his long-forgotten arch-nemesis pals, a bug, and a... what are you anyway, Moltar?
Moltar: I'm a poorly drawn lava kind of a molten man.
Space Ghost: ... and a poorly drawn lava kind of a molten man! There's a new player in this late night talk show war, and his name is -
Bob: Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: (pause) Yeah, Bob?
Bob: Uh, we, we need to book, man, the Snorks are in here for a promo or somethin' at 4, okay?
Space Ghost: Oh, uh, right, right.
(Credits roll)
Moltar: Hey, uh, who played the part of the director, anyway?
Space Ghost: I don't know, some union guy.
Bob: Cut!

GUEST STARFred Schneider
WRITERChip Duffey
EDITORSKey Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerTom ArcuragiScott Finnell
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerMatthew I Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
EDIT ASSISTTim SchnackMichael Padgett
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFIRMTim Garber
CAMERAJohn Walsh
AUDIOMardy Beeson
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanGill AustinMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaKaili Rubin
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 35 - "Gallagher"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:35
Title:Gallagher
Original Air Date:July 24, 1997
Guest Stars:Bob Odenkirk, David Cross

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak in commissary, sipping coffee)
Space Ghost: They've invented the telephone!?
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Well, hello there, this is Tansut. Welcome to Space Ghost Coast to Coast. Tonight, funny man Bob Odenkirk, and his partner in fun, David Cross. Mmmmomma! Mmmomma, get in the cellar! Close all the shutters and chain down the cows! There's a comedy twister comin'! Here's Spaaace Ghooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, earth people, and welcome to a show from outer space! (last word echoes) I'm Space Ghost. Joining me tonight are comedians David Cross and Bob Odenkirk. Moltar, I hear we have an extra special feature for the audience tonight.
Moltar: Are you referring to the "Space Time Quiz Fun 9000"?
Space Ghost: And who's that with, Moltar?
Moltar: Your host, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: I'm not lying when I say I'm really excited about this new feature. But we'll save that for later in the show. Let's get to know our contestants, shall we?
(Drum roll & big band intro from Way Outs)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk; David and Bob are on the monitor as it lowers) Welcome to the show, citizens.
David Cross: Thank you very much. Mr. Ghost.
Bob Odenkirk: Thank you ever so much.
Space Ghost: You're welcome.
Bob Odenkirk: Is it, what, is it Mr. Ghost, or can we just call you Space?
David Cross: Or S. Ghost?
Space Ghost: The Native Americans call me "Broken wind clap like thunder".
David Cross: Okay.
Bob Odenkirk: Alright.
Space Ghost: But you may call me Mr. Ghost.
Bob Odenkirk: Yeah, Mr. Ghost.
Space Ghost: Now, which of you is which?
David Cross: Oh, uh, I'm David Cross... (points at himself)
Bob Odenkirk: And I'm Bob Odenkirk. Did I say my name right?
David Cross: Yeah.
Bob Odenkirk: God, it's a tough name to say.
Space Ghost: How long have you had it?
Bob Odenkirk: I just got it. Uh, Bob Odenkirk.
David Cross: It, it sounds good.
Bob Odenkirk: But you know how I said it, I said "Baa Bodenkirk".
Space Ghost: Don't worry about it, Baa. Moltar can fix it in the edit.
Bob Odenkirk: Hello, Moltar. I, just cut that out for me, will ya? Thanks, pal.
Moltar: Too late, "pal".
Space Ghost: Ever been interviewed by a cartoon superhero before?
David Cross: Uh, this is my fifth, si- no, never.
Bob Odenkirk: And I have never, ever, this is a real treat for me, and I've never even been to outer space before this. Unless you count some, uh, parties that I had in college. (laughs)
David Cross: (laughs) Right on! (they give each other "five")
Space Ghost: I know what you mean. At superhero night school, we once had a mixer that lasted until ten PM.
Zorak: Oh no, not the night school story!
Space Ghost: I had fourteen cups of ginger ale, and wet my...
Zorak: Stop!
Moltar: Stop!
Space Ghost: What, I wet my pants. I'm not ashamed, I was young.
Zorak: You were in your mid-twenties!
Space Ghost: I was quite the cut-up. I bet you two were class clowns.
Bob Odenkirk: I, David was a class clown, I used to just laugh at him.
David Cross: But I was literally a clown, I used to come in to school with the grease paint, the wig, and the floppy shoes, and a (makes "horn honk" hand gesture & sound).
Bob Odenkirk: A sad clown.
David Cross: Yeah, sad, and I would go (sad voice) "Did somebody order a clown?"
Space Ghost: So, what are your superpowers?
Zorak: Who, me?
Space Ghost: No, Dave and Baa.
Zorak: Well, quit lookin' at me!
David Cross: I have the power to tell when people are in trouble, very far away, up to, like, twenty miles away. But I don't have any other powers, so I have to run, or get a cab, or...
Bob Odenkirk: Or just feel bad.
Space Ghost: That's weak. Baa, how about you?
Bob Odenkirk: I crave, sweets.
Space Ghost: Is that it? Those are measly little sissy powers! I save entire planets.
Bob Odenkirk: God bless you, man. If we could, we would, but all we can do is make one or two people giggle a little bit.
Space Ghost: And those one or two people will be giggling their way to Armageddon while you two jokers do your little "ha ha" act!!
Bob Odenkirk: (stunned silence, then laughs) What could I do? You invited me on this show!
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: (aims his power bands at monitor) Alright, hunker down!
Bob Odenkirk: Moltar, uh, Zorak, what is the story here?
Moltar: Take your medicine!
Zorak: Blast the other guy too!
Space Ghost: I can't, he's wearing glasses.
Zorak: Eh, when has that stopped ya?
Moltar: Go ahead, let him blast ya. It's really not that bad.
Bob Odenkirk: Hmmm. Whattya say, give me a laser shot? Take me out?
Space Ghost: Oh, you want it now.
Bob Odenkirk: Would ya?
Space Ghost: It kinda stings, are you sure?
Bob Odenkirk: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Where do you want it?
Bob Odenkirk: Take me out right in the face, middle of the face.
David Cross: I don't want it, what do I gotta do?
Zorak: Keep your glasses on, four-eyes.
Space Ghost: Here we go. (blasts Bob)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells, then gasps) Oh, holy, ho, gigi! Alright, one more.
Space Ghost: Another one?
Bob Odenkirk: Yeah. All set.
David Cross: Do I, do I want one of these?
Bob Odenkirk: I don't know, if you like to feel good, I don't know, you tell me.
Space Ghost: (blasts Bob again)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells)
Space Ghost: Ah well, to heck with the glasses, one for you. (blasts Dave)
David Cross: Ow, no, I said no, I said no, please!
Space Ghost: (stops) Oh, okay.
David Cross: Darn!
Bob Odenkirk: Oh, mmm, it clears the sinuses.
David Cross: You like that?
Bob Odenkirk: I can breathe. I can breathe for the first time in my life, and (sniff sniff) (to David) you stink!
David Cross: I can't believe you could...
Bob Odenkirk: You stink!
David Cross: Well, I can't breathe! (talking with stuffed nose) You gave him my clear sinuses.
Space Ghost: Oh no.
Bob Odenkirk: And I have the brain of a chicken now!
David Cross: You gave him my brain of a chicken!
Moltar: And there's a swarm of bees flying around in my stomach.
Space Ghost: Stop trying to improv, Moltar.
Moltar: No, I mean it! They're stingin' my insides! Ow, ow ow, ow! (walks away from monitor)
Bob Odenkirk: (laughs)
David Cross: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Ah, tell me, fellas, what makes you laugh?
David Cross: Um, tickling, when I'm tickled.
Space Ghost: Really?
Bob Odenkirk: People fall down. Big people fall down.
David Cross: Yeah.
Bob Odenkirk: Adult people fall down. That make me funny. Laugh. Ha ha.
Space Ghost: So you're telling me if I walked over across the set, and fell down...
Zorak: Do it!
David Cross: Would you do it for us?
Bob Odenkirk: Would you do it for us, but act like you're not gonna, act real confident, and then fall down.
David Cross: Don't tip it, let's watch.
Zorak: Yes, let's all watch.
Bob Odenkirk: Alright, here we go.
Space Ghost: (off camera) (hums, then noise of him tripping, yelling, and falling down)
David Cross: (laughs)
Bob Odenkirk: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laying on floor in front of his desk)
David Cross: Oh!
Bob Odenkirk: Did you hurt yourself?
Space Ghost: (still laying there, pain in his voice) Uh, yes, yes I did. Did, did you like it?
David Cross: Yes!
Bob Odenkirk: Well, if it hurt, yes.
Zorak: Do it again!
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah! And this time, run across the floor with some scissors!
Zorak: Yeah, yeah! And, and put a bunch of pencils in your mouth.
Space Ghost: I don't know... Sounds kinda dangerous.
Zorak: You think it would be, but it's not.
David Cross: You know my motto, "If it hurts, do it."
Space Ghost: Uh, okay. Zorak, help me up. Moltar, bring the scissors out here.
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Zorak: (makes mantis noises)
David Cross: (makes noises & gestures back at Zorak)
Zorak: (laughs) Oh yeah!
Space Ghost: Dave, are you talkin' to Zorak?
David Cross: Well, yeah, Zorak and I used to hang in public high school.
Zorak: Yeah, I pants'ed him in gym class.
David Cross: Buddy!
Zorak: Ho ho, I gotcha!
David Cross: Yeah!
Zorak: I hear you!
Space Ghost: You're lying! Zorak never went to school! I've got records on him since birth, and Zorak has never...
David Cross: (angry) All right!
Space Ghost: (grimaces at Dave)
Zorak: Blast him!
Space Ghost: (clears his throat) We're back with David Cross and Baa Bodenkirk. So now, which of you is the straight man, and which of you is the wacky sidekick?
David Cross: Uh, he's straight, and I'm gay. Wait! What did you ask?
Space Ghost: I said, which of you is the straight man, and which of you is the wacky sidekick?
David Cross: You're talking about, oh, comedy. Oh, shoot.
Space Ghost: Of course I am! (buzz!) What was that, are the muffins ready?
Moltar: No, you idiot, it's time for the stupid game show segment!
Space Ghost: You're right, Moltar. (game show theme music in background) It's time for (echo effect) Space Quiz Time Fun 9000. (his face is framed with marquee lights and the words "SPACE TIME QUIZ FUN 9000") With your host, Space Ghost. (music finishes; his smile sparkles) I ask you a question, but be careful. If you get it wrong, you get blasted. If you get it right... you get blasted.
Zorak: I like this game.
Space Ghost: Zorak, you're a contestant, too.
Zorak: (stares back wide-eyed)
Space Ghost: Ready, guys? (cheezy organ music plays in background, with timer ticking; Dave and Bob confer; bell rings)
Bob Odenkirk: No.
David Cross: We're gonna say "no".
Space Ghost: I haven't asked you a question yet. (music & timer start again, Dave and Bob confer; bell rings)
Bob Odenkirk: Al-, also Franklin Roosevelt.
Space Ghost: Wrong. (blasts him)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells a little)
Space Ghost: Okay. Next catagory.
Bob Odenkirk: Next, uh, Mama's homemade recipes, for 300.
Space Ghost: Mama's homemade recipes for 300 it is. What is the main ingredient in my mom's delicious cheeseburger pie? (music & timer start again, Dave and Bob confer; bell rings)
David Cross: Jägermeister.
Space Ghost: (buzz!) Right! It's ketchup! (blasts them)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells) Ah, man, you get addicted to that, you know what I mean?
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Zorak, I have a tattoo. What is it of, and where is it?
Zorak: I don't..
Space Ghost: Wrong! (blasts him)
Zorak: (looking crisped, in a new way)
Space Ghost: I got it in Panama City over spring break. Spring break, whoo! (burp!) Ooh, pardon me. You guys wanna see it?
Bob Odenkirk: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Hang on a minute... (Space Ghost is off-camera; unzipping sound, with grunts and groans)
David Cross: Oh..
Space Ghost: There!
David Cross: Oooh..
Bob Odenkirk: Yai...
David Cross: Not good.
Space Ghost: (showing an indeterminate part of his body to Dave and Bob) It's a cute little panda, swinging from a branch.
Zorak: (low-throated laugh)
Moltar: That's a hairy panda.
David Cross: Not, not good.
Bob Odenkirk: Put the suit back on, thank you.
Space Ghost: (puts his suit back on; cheesy organ music starts up again) Boys, we're out of time, thanks for stopping by.
David Cross: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Bob Odenkirk: Thank you, thank you, hit me!
David Cross: (making echo sound effect with his hands) Spaaaace Ghoooost!
Space Ghost: You want one for the road?
Bob Odenkirk: Hit me, one for the road.
Space Ghost: Okay, here it comes. (aims powerbands, Dave and Bob brace themselves; power bands never fire) Psych!
David Cross: Aw, what a bummer!
Bob Odenkirk: (pretends to be crying) Nothin'!
David Cross: He messed with your head!
Space Ghost: Double-psych! (blasts Bob)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells) Thanks.
Space Ghost: (blasts Dave)
David Cross: (puts his hands up) Oh, come on!
Zorak: Do me too.
Space Ghost: You hate these.
Zorak: No I don't.
Space Ghost: Yes you do.
Zorak: C'mon! Give it to me!
Space Ghost: No, now it's getting out of hand.
Zorak: Come on! Come on!
Space Ghost: I'm not blasting anyone anymore
Bob Odenkirk: Aw, Spacey, Spacey old pal!
Zorak: Oh, come on! Come on, do me!
Moltar: Do me too!
Zorak: You've never been blasted!
Space Ghost: Oh, yes he has. (blasts Moltar)
Moltar: Yeow! (falls backward as ray blasts through control room monitor; he lands flat on his back) Oh yeah! That's the one!
Zorak: You're purposed ignoring me!
Space Ghost: Yes I am. Bob, one more?
David Cross: I don't want this to end on a bad note.
Space Ghost: (blasts Bob extra long)
Bob Odenkirk: (yells a lot)
Zorak: (in background) Jerk!
Bob Odenkirk: (gasping) Oh, I love you, I love you...
David Cross: Me?
Bob Odenkirk: (still gasping) No, Ghostie. Spacey, I love ya. Do it again, what the...
Space Ghost: Sick little puppies.
Bob Odenkirk: Come on, my friend, (yells) I need it, I need to feel it, (yells) I'm gettin' a jolt, (yells)
Moltar: (still laying on his back in control room) Oh, Ghostie. (laughs)
Bob Odenkirk: I love you, man, I'd do anything for you, man.
David Cross: (making "cut" gesture) Can we cut?
(Credits roll)
Bob Odenkirk: What could I do? You invited me on this show!

GUEST STARSBob OdenkirkDavid Cross
WRITERSMark BankerRich DahmChip DuffeyBen KarlinSean LaFleurAndy MerrillPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSJay EdwardsJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORMichael Kohler
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
EDIT ASSISTMichael PadgettPaul WilsonDon Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaKen BradyCurtis Elder
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 36 - "Edelweiss"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:36
Title:Edelweiss
Original Air Date:July 31, 1997
Guest Star:Beck

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Hi there, folks, this is Tansut, welcome to Space Ghost Coast to Coast. Tonight's guest is Beck. That's it, just Beck. My work is done here, I'm going home. (remains silent during rest of theme & titles) Oh yeah, here's, uh, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost. Joining me tonight is guitarist/musician Beck. Also, I will blast Zorak repeatedly for busting up my apartment earlier this afternoon.
Zorak: I'm back.
Space Ghost: Well, thanks for joining us, Zorak!
Zorak: No problem.
Space Ghost: You're a little late.
Zorak: Well, I've been breaking your stuff.
Space Ghost: Yes, I know.
Zorak: (sighs and rolls his eyes) I got tired near the end, so I lit a big fire. That's why I'm late.
Space Ghost: Did the flames consume all my posessions?
Zorak: Everything but your hand-painted Presidents of the United States ceramic figurines collection.
Space Ghost: Oh, really?
Zorak: Yeah, I had to crush that with a hammer.
Space Ghost: (long pause) (in low voice) You know I'm going to have to do something about this, don't you?
Zorak: Go ahead, I'll just regenerate.
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak)
Zorak: (crisped) See? Fried now, (cut to Space Ghost, still aiming) cut away, (cut back to normal looking Zorak) back to normal! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: (blasts him again)
Zorak: (crisped) Oh, you can do better than that! Think of the figurines! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: This is for tiny Abraham Lincoln! (blasts him again)
Zorak: Now, wait...
Space Ghost: And this is for tiny George Washington! (blasts him again)
Space Ghost: And this is for tiny Millard Fillmore (blasts him again)
Moltar: Wait, you're not giving him time to regenerate! (control room monitor: ONE TURNTABLE AND TWO MICROPHONES)
Space Ghost: And this is for tiny Jimmy Carter! (blasts him again)
Moltar: Stop! Stop!
Space Ghost: And this is for tiny Rutherford B. Hayes! (blasts him again)
Zorak: (looking especially crisped, eyes closed)
Moltar: Are ya done yet? (control room monitor: SWORD OR MATADOR?)
Space Ghost: (panting) No! Did I do Chester Allan Arthur?
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: What about Grover Cleveland?
Moltar: Twice.
Space Ghost: How about I give him one to grow on?
Moltar: IIIII think he's learned his lesson.
Space Ghost: (blasts him one last time; smoke rises from empty keyboard pod)
Moltar: Well, that's just super! Zorak's dead!
Space Ghost: Really?
Moltar: Yes, Space Ghost, he is.
Space Ghost: You say that like it's my fault.
Moltar: It is your fault, you blasted him too many times.
Space Ghost: No, I didn't.
Moltar: Yes, you did.
Space Ghost: No, I didn't!
Moltar: Yes, you did! (control room monitor: PAPA'S GOT A BRAND NEW BAG)
Space Ghost: (with anguish) Heaven help me! What have I done?!? (normal voice) Oh, well...
Moltar: Should I... call the morgue or somethin'? (control room monitor: HUGHES ???? KU 77TH)
Space Ghost: Nope, play me to the desk.
Moltar: What!? How am I supposed to do that?
Space Ghost: I've prepared for this inevitability. To your left you will find a songbook. Open that songbook.
Moltar: (looking at book) This, is this it? "Don Hester's Flip and Learn Song Book for the Wee Piano Player, Volume One"?
Space Ghost: Exactly. Now start singing.
Moltar: Y'know, I'm a little shy.
Space Ghost: Get over it. Page 12, Moltar.
Moltar: (groans) (sings, all one note) This is the note called mid-dle C, this is how it sounds to me.
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Please welcome my first guest)
Beck: (on monitor, as it lowers from ceiling) Oh, thank you.
Space Ghost: Identify yourself.
Beck: My name is Beck Hansen, a musician, a human being, um, et cetera.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost would like to speak with Beck in the third person. Would Beck like that?
Beck: Yeah, that would be nice, yeah.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost is glad that Beck feels this way.
Beck: Third person is always a good way to, to approach the second and first persons...
Space Ghost: Oh, Space Ghost couldn't agree more.
Beck: The kind of menage thing is good, too.
Space Ghost: Citizen Beck, expound on your freak-like manner.
Beck: Well... (pauses)
Space Ghost: Well, what?
Beck: I like to plug things in, and then I like to unplug them, and then I go to sleep. What do you think about that, Moltar? Looks like you're plugged in all the time. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar is unplugged tonight, Beck.
Beck: Oh, yeah?
Space Ghost: Allow me to demonstrate. Moltar, turn to page 23.
Moltar: (groans) Oh, man! I hate this one!
Space Ghost: Take us to the bridge, Moltar. The London bridge.
Moltar: Alright, alright... (control room monitor: DESTRY RIDES AGAIN)London bridge is falling down,Falling down, falling down,London bridge is falling down,My fair lady.
(Control room monitor: ?? THE TRANSPONDER HOTLINES)
Beck: (while Moltar is singing) You like that?
Space Ghost: Who doesn't?
Beck: It's a good tune.
Space Ghost: Taco?
Beck: Oh, if you, if you have one, that would be nice.
Space Ghost: Moltar, release the taco.
Moltar: (pulls LUNCH lever) (Pop!)
Beck: (catches Taco Bell wrapped taco) Of course, Space Ghost would always have a taco. Oh, thanks for the extra cheese there. (smells it) That doesn't look too friendly, actually.
Moltar: Yeah, it's been sitting on my dashboard for a few days.
Beck: Yeah, I can smell it.
Moltar: (sighs) Man, Zorak used to love tacos.
Beck: Here, maybe Zorak would like that. Here you go!
Space Ghost: Zorak is dead, Beck.
Beck: (looks back silently)
Space Ghost: I exterminated him.
Beck: (looks back uncomfortably)
Space Ghost: Of course I found an excellent replacement. Haven't I, Moltar?
Moltar: Uh, I gotta go, fix the deal. (starts to walks away) (control room monitor: ?? THREAT OR MENACE?)
Space Ghost: Do another one, do a German one.
Moltar: (groans) "Deutschland Mein Deutschland"?
Space Ghost: Oh, I know, "Du, Du, Liegst Mir im Herzen".
Beck: Should I get my helmet on first?
Space Ghost: Vaßever floatzen das boot.
Beck: (puts on his "helmet", which is actually a lampshade) Alright, let me have it.
Space Ghost: Moltar, commence.
Beck: (while Moltar sings) You don't mind if I take a nap, do you? It's been a long tour. I'm just gonna stretch out for a while. (leans back & closes his eyes)
Moltar: (sings) Du, du liegst mir im Herzen; du, du liegst mir im Sinn.Du, du machst mir viel Schmerzen, weißt nicht wie gut ich dir bin.Ja, ja, ja, ja, ...
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Moltar: Ja, ja, ja, ja, weißt nicht wie gut ich dir bin.
Space Ghost: That was beautiful, Moltar, where'd you learn to sing like that?
Moltar: Juilliard.
Space Ghost: Shhh shhh, look, he's still asleep. (Beck is snoring on the monitor)
Moltar: Doesn't he look cute with his little hat on?
Space Ghost: (quietly) Shhh, quiet, you're gonna wake him up.
Moltar: Let's put a pillow over his face.
Space Ghost: No!!
Beck: (wakes up, takes off his "helmet") Mmmm, that was, ahhh, thanks.
Space Ghost: How does Beck feel?
Beck: I feel so refreshed. That was very rejuventating.
Space Ghost: Now, you're a musician, right?
Beck: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: And, you have a band, correct?
Beck: Yeah, I'm, I got a band. We got, we got Stagecoach on the drums...
Space Ghost: (scoots chair forward, then scoots back & forth as Beck talks)
Beck: We have Smokestack on guitar. Uh, Hound Dog is playin' the keyboards. And, uh, we have Showboat playin' the bass.
Space Ghost: Brainwave: what if you guys were to come up here, and be my new house band?
Beck: (long pause) (sighs)
Space Ghost: (sings) I got two turntables and my mommy's home.
Beck: Uh, well, we don't have turntables right now.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost would be down with Beck being his new band leader.
Beck: I am down with that. Me too.
Space Ghost: You don't bust up people's stuff for no apparent reason, do you?
Beck: No, I don't, I don't, I don't do that.
Space Ghost: Good.
Beck: I don't play that.
Space Ghost: Because I think that would be very old school of you.
Beck: It's old school.
Space Ghost: And Space Ghost would not play that.
Beck: Yeah, yeah, you don't play, play that.
Space Ghost: No, I don't. Space Ghost is not down with that.
Beck: That's old school. I'm not, I'm not down with that.
Space Ghost: And Space Ghost would have to dispose of you.
Beck: Right, right, right.
Space Ghost: Right.
Beck: Right.
(In control room)
Zorak: Hello, Moltar!
Moltar: Yeeaaah! Zorak! Where did you come from?
Zorak: Downstairs.
Moltar: Man, I thought you were dead!
Zorak: Nah, I regenerated and went downstairs.
Moltar: You know, Space Ghost thinks he killed ya.
Zorak: Really! (evil laugh) Well, I'm gonna go out there and mess with his head!
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: Uh, Beck, you have a tag.
Beck: How's that?
Space Ghost: You got a tag on your pants.
Beck: Oh, thanks. There we go. (cuts off tag with a pair of scissors) Thanks for bringing that to my attention there.
Space Ghost: You must be quite embarrassed.
Beck: Yeah.
Space Ghost: 'Cause you know, you had a tag.
Beck: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: It just sorta made you look foolish.
(Lights start to flash on and off, with eerie music)
Space Ghost: What's goin' on?
Zorak: (eerie voice) Ooooooooh!
Space Ghost: (fearfully) Zorak! You're dead! I vaporized you!
Beck: Zorak, how ya doin'?
Zorak: (eerie voice) Fiiiine! (laughs)
Space Ghost: What do you want of me, O spectre?
Zorak: Toniiiight, you will be visited by threeee spirits! The first will.. mess with the lights! (flickflickflickflick) The next will screw with your monitor! (Beck disappears from monitor, Zorak takes his place) Hi, how's it goin'?
Space Ghost: Aaaaah! (Beck returns to monitor) Wh-wh-what about the third?
Zorak: Uh, the third, uh... He will also mess with the lights! (flickflickflickflickflickflickflickflick)
Space Ghost: Stop it, vile apparition! You're going to break the switch!
Zorak: Ooooooh! (flickflickflick--poof! click) Oops! (click...click) Must have blown a fuse.
Space Ghost: See?? Look what ya done now!
(Credits roll)
Beck: (snores)
(Pop!)
The following is a paid advertisementfor Ghost Planet Industries and doesnot reflect the views and opinionsof this station. Consult your physicianbefore using this or any other diet plan.
(Infomercial music begins)
Beck: (subtitle: BECK HANSEN / POPULAR MUSICIAN) The past is a cancelled check. Your maximum point of power is now.
Brak: (subtitle: BRAK / TV'S "BRAK") Stop stumblin' around in the dark, and stubbin' your toe on financial ruin! Turn the light on!
Space Ghost: Wonder what these people are talking about? Listen to another testimonial.
David Lander: (subtitle: DAVID LANDER / TV's "SQUIGGY") Hello.
Space Ghost: Yes, you too will be saying (subtitle: "HELLO, MONEY!") hello to money, and (subtitle: "HELLO, LIFE!") hello to life, with my (subtitle: NOT SOLD IN ANY STORE!) new twelve week program. (subtitle: LIFETIME GUARANTEE!) But don't take my word for it!
Beck: (subtitle: STAY TUNED FOR FREE TRIAL OFFER!) And in the twelve week plan, you know, I broke through, it all happened like that.
Space Ghost: (subtitle: GERMAN CRAFTSMAN AWARD FOR EXCELLENCE!) That was triple Grammy award winning rock musician Beck. (subtitle: FITS ANY 8-TRACK TAPE PLAYER!) Here's some more testimonials.
Tansut: (subtitle: TANSUT / TV's "THE FALL GUY") Now, I finally have enough money to live my dream... (subtitle: MAKE A CHANGE!) as a woman!
Beck: (on studio monitor, subtitle: COMES WITH 7-PAGE PAMPHLET!) I bought about thirty-five thousand acres, and (subtitle: SOME ASSEMBLY REQUIRED!) uh, for, you know, sixty cents an acre, (subtitle: ALL TAPES ARE SHINY AND NEW! [words sparkle]) and in about twelve minutes.
Space Ghost: (subtitle: SPACE GHOST NODS KNOWINGLY!) Mmm hmm.
Beck: (subtitle: MR. HANSEN'S RESULTS ARE TYPICAL!) My profits have gone up six thousand percent, (subtitle: YOUR RESULTS MAY VARY.) and it was all because of the tapes.
Brak: (subtitle: "I SAW THE TAPES! BOY, OH BOY!!" - TV's "BRAK") I saw the tapes! Boy, oh boy!!
Space Ghost: Need I say more? What are you waiting for? With just three easy payments of $79.95 (superimposed, in a flashing star: A $22000 VALUE) you too can have my twelve week program. (subtitle: CALL NOW!) Just pick up the phone and call! It's that easy!
David Lander: (subtitle: DAVID LANDER / TV's "SQUIGGY") I'll see it when I believe it.
Space Ghost: Believe it, Squiggy! And believe in your cash ability!
Beck: (subtitle: TAPES ENCASED IN DELUXE PLASTIC!) See, I didn't have a tape machine, I just had the tapes. So, (subtitle: AS SEEN ON TV!) I mean, if I got to listen to the tapes, I would really be makin' some, some headway.
Space Ghost: (subtitle: SORRY, NO C.O.D.s!) I order you to order now! (aims his power band)

GUEST STARBeck
WRITERDave Willis
EDITORSJay EdwardsKey BradyJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORMichael Kohler
RE-RECORDINGMIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury Ingram
EDIT ASSISTSMichael PadgettPaul WilsonDon Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNJim Willis
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaDavid LanderCandyce AynDon Hester
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 37 - "Anniversary"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:37
Title:Anniversary
Original Air Date:August 7, 1997
Guest Stars:Judy Tenuta, Bobcat Goldthwait

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Greetings, this is Tansut, welcoming you to the first ever Space Ghost Coast to Coast 37th show anniversary celebration spectacular-mathon. Tonight, funny man Bobcat Goldthwait, and funny woman Judy Tenuta. And now, your friend and mine, that ghost host with the most, Spaaace Ghooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in, coughing) Greetings, TV-watching citizens! I am Space Ghost, and I'm tickled pink to be here!
Zorak: Tickled stupid, you mean.
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak, sniffs) Before we begin, let me introduce you to the director of tonight's festivities, that fabulous hot rock himself, Moltar!
Audience: (applause)
Moltar: Hey, don't get up, really.
Space Ghost: And, over here, we have my band leader, and indentured mantis-servant, Zorak, and the Original Way Outs! (Way Outs play a synthesized excerpt from "William Tell Overature") And we'd like to welcome you to... (takes deep breath) The first ever Space Ghost anniversary spectacular-mathon, uh, show.
Zorak: Whoop de doodle do!
Space Ghost: You know, kids, tonight is a special notch in the belt that is the Space Ghost saga.
Zorak: Ehhh, Space Ghost, what anniversary is this, anyway?
Space Ghost: Weren't you listening, Zorak? It's my 37th show anniversary! (smile sparkles)
Zorak: I never heard of anybody celebrating their 37th anniversary before! It's dopey.
Space Ghost: It's not dopey! It's our 37th show! That's an anniversary, right? Darn tootin' it is! So, hap-hap-happy anniversary it is, and shut up Zorak, because you're not gonna rain on my charade.
Tansut: Well, I don't know what I'm doing here, either.
Zorak: (looks around)
Space Ghost: (looks around)
Tansut: (in recording booth, behind a window) They called me twenty minutes ago, shoved these notes in my hand, what do they expect? (microphone feedback increases in volume) Buncha morons!
Moltar: Uh, Tansut?
Tansut: Let 'em fire me, I don't care.
Moltar: Tansut?
Tansut: What?
Moltar: Uh, your mike's on, man.
Tansut: Ohhhhh, fluff! Nobody showed me how to do this! (feedback increases again) (finally turns microphone off)
Space Ghost: Oh-kay! Let's get on with it, shall we? (invisos to desk, with new music) (Ding dong!) Say, I wonder who that could be?
Moltar: It's your first anniversary guest, Space Ghost, funny lady Judy Tenuta (she appears on control room monitor)
Judy Tenuta: I'm ready, honey!
Space Ghost: Judy! Welcome back to the show!
Judy Tenuta: Oh-h-h-h-h-h! Space Ghost! I'm so excited!
Space Ghost: Me too!
Zorak: Oooh! Me too!
Space Ghost: So, Judy gal, what have you been doing since I last saw you?
Judy Tenuta: Oh! Space Ghost, as you know, I rule the western hemisphere!
Space Ghost: That's nice, must keep you busy.
Judy Tenuta: (plays accordion and sings) I rule, I rule, I rule.
Space Ghost: Uh, Judy...
Judy Tenuta: Yeah!?
Space Ghost: Stuff a sock in it, Tenuta.
Judy Tenuta: (dances with accordion, to weird background sound)
Space Ghost: Judy, I've asked you to come back to celebrate my anniversary with me! Now, celebrate!
Judy Tenuta: Ohhh...
Space Ghost: Don't sing, Judy.
Judy Tenuta: (plays accordion and sings) Happy anniversary, happy anniversary, happy anniversary, Spaaaace Ghost! Oh-h-h-h-h-h! (spins around)
Space Ghost: (grimaces)
Judy Tenuta: Look at this! (swings her accordion up with her chest, then sits down)
Zorak: Must I?
Judy Tenuta: I can make myself invisible. You cannot see me now! (puts her hands in front of her face)
Space Ghost: Uh, yes I can.
Judy Tenuta: No-o-o-o-o! You cannot...
Space Ghost: Yes I can! (aims his power bands at monitor)
Judy Tenuta: No! His rays cannot harm me, no-o-o!
Space Ghost: (lowers his power bands, sighs)
Judy Tenuta: (shaking her head back and forth, singing) Hair dance, hair dance, don't be a square, dance! Hair dance!
Space Ghost: (stares back silently)
Judy Tenuta: (full face on monitor, puckering for Space Ghost) (Smoooooch!)
Space Ghost: Hmmm. Okay, I think it's time for Judy Jetson here to blast off.
Moltar: Gotcha. (throws lever to send her away)
Judy Tenuta: (still on studio monitor) Oh, you pig!
Space Ghost: Aaah! Moltar!
Moltar: I know, I know. (throws more levers, control room monitor changes several times, finally shows Tansut's booth)
Tansut: Uh, excuse me. Are we going to commercial now?
Space Ghost: No!
Tansut: Oh, sorry, don't mind me. (Moltar throws lever, control room monitor shows static)
Space Ghost: (Ding dong!) Aha! Our next guest! (sniff sniff sniff sniff) Hey! I smell evil!
Moltar: Space Ghost...
Chad Ghostal: (evil laugh)
Moltar: ... It's your evil twin brother.
Space Ghost: Aaaaah! Can't talk, Chad, I have a hernia!
Chad Ghostal: Hey hey, relax, baby, like, I'm not here to spread terror.
Zorak: Rats!
Chad Ghostal: I just wanted to swing by and check out the old Ghost Pad. You know, I had a real blast the last time I saw you, Taddles. A real blast. (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Yeah, I bet you did. You and that creepy Elvira woman, pawwing each other. Yuck!
Chad Ghostal: Oh, forget that chick, Taddy Bear, I already did. I'm looking for some new action, you dig? Some new kicks, know what I mean, butterbean?
Space Ghost: Not a whiff, Chad.
Chad Ghostal: Then let me clue ya, Tadville. I want to host the show again. (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Oh no, no no no no no!
Chad Ghostal: Okay Tad, be that way. Now I'm glad I left that surprise for you in your futon this morning. (evil laugh) B'da b'da! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Oh, that was you, huh?
Chad Ghostal: Well, I'll be in touch. Later, cats 'n kittens! (purrs) (barks)
Moltar & Zorak: (in unison) Bye, Chad!
Zorak: I like your brother.
Space Ghost: You do not!
Judy Tenuta: (reappears on monitor) Look at my cheekbones!
Space Ghost: Aaaaah! Moltar, break!
Tansut: (groans) Ten pounds of sausage in a five pound sack!
Moltar: Tansut!
Tansut: Oh, uh, coming up next, more stuff!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Tansut: (sings) Welcome back! (normal voice) Oooh! Hey! I nailed that one!
Space Ghost: (Ding dong!) What now, Birdman?
Moltar: Relax, man, it's Bobcat. He's cool. (Bobcat is on control room monitor, waves at Moltar)
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, it's special anniversary guest Bobcat Goldthwait.
Bobcat Goldthwait: I tell ya, it's really been great here, to be back here, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: It's great to have you. So, it's my 37th show anniversary, Bobcat.
Bobcat Goldthwait: You should slap yourself on the back.
Zorak: He should slap himself in the face.
Space Ghost: (slaps himself in the face)
Bobcat Goldthwait: (laugh, then shrieking laugh, then starts to cry)
Space Ghost: So, Bob-a-rella, did ya bring me anything special for my anniversary?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Oh, I brought you many things. (pause)
Space Ghost: (smiles at camera)
Bobcat Goldthwait: I'm lyin', man, what can I get ya, you don't even wear slacks or trousers or pants, you know...
Space Ghost: Oh, that's okay, just as long as you don't sing me a stupid song or anything.
Bobcat Goldthwait: (starts making gibbering noises, shaking his head back and forth)
Moltar: Look out, I think he's gonna sing!
Space Ghost: He's not gonna sing, Moltar. You're.. not gonna sing, are you, Bobcat?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yes I am.
Space Ghost: Ohhh brother.
Zorak: Sing! Sing, you fool! Sing like a maniac! (shakes his arm)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Okay. (takes a deep breath, then shouts) SPACE GHOST COAST TO COAST, SPACE GHOST COAST TO COAST, SPACE GHOST COAST TO COAST, AGH AGH AGH AGH AGH!
Space Ghost: (sighs)
Bobcat Goldthwait: Could you buy the sincerity of that? Yeah, I, it really worked for me.
Zorak: Hmmmm, it had a good beat, and I could kill you to it. I give it a 75. (holding a sign with "75")
Bobcat Goldthwait: I'm tellin' ya, I'm gonna get up, and I'm gonna dope-slap that bug.
Moltar: Fine! Fine!
Space Ghost: Be my guest, Bobcat! Dope-slap away!
Bobcat Goldthwait: Zorak, I'm gonna dope-slap ya!
Zorak: (mocking) O-o-o-o-h, I'm so frightened!
Bobcat Goldthwait: (makes face at Zorak) (to Space Ghost) How did you get a show with a cricket?
Zorak: I'm a loc-, er, mantis!
Bobcat Goldthwait: Apparently, in, somewhere in show business, you shoulda went paper instead of scissors.
Zorak: Yeah, look who's talking, the talk show arsonist!
Bobcat Goldthwait: I'm serious, I will, I will clean that bug's clock so fast!
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Bobcat Goldthwait: You just tell him that, I, I, I personally put two of the Bugaloos in the hospital.
Space Ghost: I think he heard you.
Bobcat Goldthwait: (exaggerated wink)
Space Ghost: Um, look, Bobby-cat, I apologize about the bug.
Bobcat Goldthwait: Alright. Yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah!
Space Ghost: I try to make him behave, but...
Bobcat Goldthwait: (looks to his right) Am I done, is that enough community service? (looks front and nods)
Space Ghost: (sighs) Any last words of anniversary wisdom for the little people at home?
Bobcat Goldthwait: Yeah. (pounds fist into his palm) You gotta make your own fun, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Great.
Bobcat Goldthwait: You gotta make your own fun.
Space Ghost: I tried to make my own fun, look what it got me! Happy anniversary to me!
Bobcat Goldthwait: (sticks his tongue out at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Whoop de doo. Moltar, are we done?
Moltar: Uh, we still got that cheap clip thing.
Space Ghost: That's right! This should be great, folks. It's a sparkling career retrospective to me! Space Ghost! Roll 'em!
Moltar: (throws lever, countdown begins)
(Title screen shows: "OUR MAN SPACE GHOST / THE DIRECTOR'S CUT", followed by numerous "Space Ghost" cartoon clips of him getting blasted, pounded, frozen, slammed, by numerous enemies)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: That was no sparkling tribute! That was terrible! That was... yuck! What in the name of Vic Tayback was that?
Moltar: A montage.
Space Ghost: (French voice) Montage! French, hah? Well, that explains that, no, Moltar? (normal voice) Those French, they ruin everything! I mean, you give them an entire Disneyland, and they can't even make a dime off it. Even purple-butted baboons couldn't screw up a Disneyland! Hmmm! I tell ya, one day I oughta do somethin' about them French.
Zorak: (French voice) I dare you! I double dare you!
Space Ghost: Okay, I will! See if I don't! (flies off)
Bobcat Goldthwait: (still making faces on the monitor)
(Phantom Cruiser flying in space)
Space Ghost: (in cockpit) Ruin my anniversary, will ya?
(Night scene of Paris, Eiffel Tower in center)
Voice: (with French accent) Look out! It is zee Space Ghost! (Phantom Cruiser ray blasts city)
Space Ghost: Take that, you cheese eaters!
(Blasts city again, crisps Eiffel tower; blast city around Arc de Triomphe, city is in flames, people are screaming)
Zorak: (French voice) Well, zat ees zat! Au reservoir, mon-sewers!
Moltar: Bon soir! (throws lever, clip of Space Ghost being pounded into the ground reappears on monitor; title: Fin)
(Credits roll)
(French accordion music in background)
Tansut: (in French voice) You've been watching the Space Ghost Anniversary Spectacular-mathon, celebrating thirty-seven or so episodes of talk show whatchamacallit. From all of us here, to all of you, bon oui, what you say, a good night.
Bobcat Goldthwait: (shrieking laugh)

GUEST STARSJudy TenutaBobcat Goldthwait
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...orAstroman?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...orAstroman?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyBrad Abelle
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch Seibert
INK & PAINTPaul MarkowskiChuck Brock
ON-LINE CONFIRMDave Sillman
EDIT ASSISTTim SchnackDon Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaCarolina PicturesMonika NikoreLori Erwin
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 38 - "Zoltran"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:38
Title:Zoltran
Original Air Date:August 14, 1997
Guest Stars:Robin Leach, Merrill Markoe

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Hi there, this is Tansut, welcoming you to another sparkling episode of Space Ghost Coast to Coast! Tonight, strange British man Robin Leach, author Merrill Markoe, and British pop sensation Bananarama. And now, put your hands up to your face, and scream like a girl! (in high voice) It's Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, y'all! I'm Space Ghost! Welcome to my incredibly entertaining comedy-style interview program, where anything can happen, and usually does. (band intro music) On tonight's big crazy-time joke show, legendary chronicler of high-livin' lifestyles Robin Leach, comedic author Merrill Markoe, and musical guest Bananarama, along with the usual gang of idiots, Zorak:
Zorak: Blah-diddy blah blah...
Space Ghost: And Moltar.
Moltar: Blah-diddy blah.
Zorak: Blah-diddy blah blah...
Moltar: Blah-diddy blah.
Zorak: Blah-diddy blah blah...
Space Ghost: Stop it!
Moltar: (quietly) Blah-diddy blah.
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Please welcome an old old old old old friend of mine, host of "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous", Robin Leach!
Robin Leach: (monitor lowers from ceiling) Spooky champagne wishes, and mysterious caviar dreams?
Space Ghost: It's a great pleasure to have you hear, Robin.
Robin Leach: I'm delighted, privileged, honoured. (image breaks up on monitor, with audio static)
Space Ghost: Uh, Robin? Moltar! Wake up back there, we're losing Robin!
Moltar: (reading book, laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar? Moltar!
Moltar: Whoops! (throws lever, image returns to normal)
Space Ghost: Uh, what happened, Moltar?
Moltar: I musta hit it with my knee or somethin'.
Space Ghost: Well, try to be more careful in the future...
Moltar: Just get off my back, man!
Space Ghost: (pause) Alrighty! I'm here with Robin Leach! Thank you for joining us, Robin.
Robin Leach: Space Ghost, thank you. May your nights be happy and long. But please take that cloak to the cleaners, will you? It's getting a little grey.
Space Ghost: Oh-kay. (flies off) (bounds back instantly) Heh, forgot my wallet. (flies off again)
Robin Leach: (looks annoyed)
(Space Ghost bounds back, wearing strange clothes)
Space Ghost: The cleaners were closed, but I found this nice blouse in the gutter, and I have fashioned a hat out of a fry box.
Robin Leach: You need, um, you know, a tailored, more tailored look to yourself.
Space Ghost: Are you suggesting a prosthetic abdominal augmentation enhancer?
Robin Leach: Now you're talking, y'see?
Space Ghost: Y'know, Robin, you should do a show on me.
Robin Leach: Really. I wonder why...
Space Ghost: Because I have a lot of class. Just the other day, in fact, I went out and got myself a blender. It lets me blend.. just about anything!
Zorak: Beat!
Space Ghost: Classy people are always blending stuff.
Zorak: Beat!
Space Ghost: Now, I too can blend.
Zorak: (sips his coffee) Beat!
Space Ghost: It would be a good show! You think about it. (band plays a riff)
Robin Leach: Yes, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Now Robin, all seriousness aside, congratulations on the incredible success of your show, you must be very proud.
Robin Leach: Back in 1982-83, when we started this, uh, extraordinary show of looking at, uh, the richest people in the world, the most famous people in the world, everybody said we were nuts, we were crazy, we should be carted off and thrown away, um, by the men in the little white coats..
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Robin Leach: .. You probably know a few of the little men in the white coats, don't you?
Space Ghost: Um, uh, no. I .. don't .. know .. any .. little .. white .. men.
Zorak: Yeah, you do, Space Ghost. You remember the nice men at the clinic.
Space Ghost: (distraught) I'm not going back there, Zorak!
Zorak: (stares back)
Robin Leach: Okay, secretive. Secretive Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Citizen Robin, do the rich and famous require more oxygen than the average citizen?
Robin Leach: They require more of everything, they require more caviar, more champagne, and more gas...
Space Ghost: And more cheese!
Robin Leach: What they would do to get the secrets of your safe flight...
Space Ghost: Would they take me to fancy places?
Robin Leach: ... and the speed of your flight, they would pay you millions of dollars!
Space Ghost: Millions of dollars?
Robin Leach: In fact, there's a couple of multi-billionaires who've authorised me to try and slide some money under the table for you, to reveal your secrets to me.
Space Ghost: Power bands!
Robin Leach: Power bands. It begs the question, what is a power band?
Space Ghost: These things right here! They're for killin' villains! (does power band moves)
Robin Leach: Really. That's a little violent, isn't it, in this day and age when we should be seeking to get along with each other?
Space Ghost: Yeah, well, me and Zorak get along pretty well. Don't we, Zorak? (shot of bandshell, sans Zorak) Where's Zorak?
Sorcerer: He's not here, Chief.
Space Ghost: Where is he?
Sorcerer: Eating musical guests Bananarama. (girls' screams in background) Hey, save some for me, daddy-o!
Space Ghost: Robin, I have to apologize for the actions of my bandleader. He's quite a pill.
Robin Leach: Well, I'd just get rid of him. I mean, I wouldn't, I'd just lay down the mantris killer, just...
Space Ghost: (writing) Yes, lay, lay down the mantis killer, hmm mmm, yes...
Robin Leach: You just pour powder around him in a circle, bring in the witches, and...
Space Ghost: (still writing) Witches, good.
Robin Leach: And poof, the magic dragon, gone. Just, just issue the threat.
Space Ghost: Ya hear that, Zorak? Puff, the magic dragon!
Zorak: I got your magic dragon, right here! See?
(Magic dragon stands next to Zorak's keyboard pod)
Space Ghost: Well, hello there, magic dragon!
Moltar: (watching "Skat Sandwich" video on control room monitor, with Space Ghost at his C2C desk dubbed in) What is this garbage? And why am I not in it?
Robin Leach: Where's the, uh, where's the wine and champagne offer?
Space Ghost: Excuse me?
Robin Leach: Where do you keep it?
Space Ghost: Didn't you get the Vienna Sausage tray? That was for you!
Robin Leach: This is it?
Space Ghost: Uh, we had a little problem with the fridge, so...
Robin Leach: I'm not interested in your problems, I'm interested in my stomach!
Space Ghost: Uh, look, Robin, we'll be finished up here in just a few minutes, and then we can all go out to dinner.
Robin Leach: I've been kept too long as it is. Now, where's the paycheque, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Er, the paycheck?
Robin Leach: You haven't been very gracious to me.
Space Ghost: Now you listen to me, buddy boy! (pause)
Robin Leach: Surely Space Ghost is not stuck for words!
Space Ghost: Just gimme a second! Okay, I've got it. (ahem!) Now you listen to me, buddy boy...
Robin Leach: Your talent booking department booked the wrong guest. (laughs)
Space Ghost: How do you mean?
Robin Leach: I am, in fact, Zoltran, and I have been kidding you all along.
Space Ghost: (gasps)
Robin Leach: I have taken the identity of Robin Leach to fool you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (gasps)
Robin Leach: And you have worked into my evil ugly trap.
Space Ghost: (gasps)
Robin Leach: And now, in very quick order, I will raise my arms, cover myself, in black magic, and you are history!
(Robin's skin turns green, rays shoot out of his eyes at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: (gibbers)
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) Eh, that's funny! (Zoltran is on control room monitor, eyes no longer blasting Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Well, it looks like the "eyes" have it, but not for long, Zoltran! (Zoltran disappears from studio monitor, and is replaced by a test pattern) Moltar, what're you doin', I was about to blast Zoltran!
Moltar: I couldn't let that happen. He's my... brother-in-law. (dramatic sting music)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Moltar: Merrill Markoe is ready.
Space Ghost: Merrill Markoe? Or Zoltran? (dramatic sting music)
Moltar: I'm really sorry about that. Linda, she's...
Space Ghost: Listen, Moltar, we can't have our guests being possessed by your freeloading brother-in-law.
Moltar: I know, I know, but I promised my wife that...
Space Ghost: I don't care what you promised, we obviously need to tighten security around here, because that is not gonna happen again!
Moltar: (throws lever, brings up Merrill on control room monitor)
Merrill Markoe: Wow, I'm in a satellite!
Space Ghost: (studio monitor lowers from ceiling with Merrill) Halt, citizen!
Merrill Markoe: Citizen?
Space Ghost: Identify yourself!
Merrill Markoe: Is that, by citizen, do you mean me?
Space Ghost: Identify yourself!
Merrill Markoe: Oh, I thought you booked me.
Space Ghost: (sarcastic) Maybe I did.
Merrill Markoe: You don't know who I am?
Space Ghost: (sarcastic) Refresh my memory.
Merrill Markoe: (laughs) Refresh your memory... oh, great. (deep breath) Uh, Merrill Markoe is my name. And who are you?
Space Ghost: I'm askin' the questions here!
Merrill Markoe: Oh!
Space Ghost: Do you have proper identification?
Merrill Markoe: Ah, yes, I certainly do.
Space Ghost: Well, let's see it!
Merrill Markoe: (sighs) Getting carded! This happens to me on every one of these talk shows. (digs through her purse)
Space Ghost: (impatient) Come on, come on, snap it up!
Merrill Markoe: (pulls out picture ID, holds it up so Space Ghost can see)
Space Ghost: (reading ID) Merrill Markoe... Okay, everything seems to check out. You can carry on.
Merrill Markoe: (puts ID away) Now, do you always wear that, that hat?
Space Ghost: It's not a hat.
Merrill Markoe: I can't see you.
Space Ghost: It's a cowl.
Merrill Markoe: It's a who? A towel?
Space Ghost: Not a towel, a cowl. With a C.
Merrill Markoe: Oh. Well, why don't you take it off, I can't see your eyes.
Space Ghost: But it hides my secret identity.
Merrill Markoe: Oh, well, who cares what your secret identity is?
Space Ghost: Well, me, for one.
Merrill Markoe: What are you protecting? What are you afraid of, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: My personal life is very private and personal to me.
Merrill Markoe: Well then, what are you doing on television?
Space Ghost: (laughs) You know, Merrill, this interview should be more about you. Are you getting enough oxygen?
Merrill Markoe: No, I don't have a problem with that. Now, explain to me, where are you?
Space Ghost: I'm... over here.
Zorak: No, she means 'in space', stupid.
Merrill Markoe: Like where, like relative to, say, Uranus, and Mars, would it be like to the left, the right, what?
Space Ghost: Ohhhhh... Over here, Merrill.
Merrill Markoe: I don't think you have any idea where you are, or do you?
Space Ghost: I sure do!
Merrill Markoe: You're asking me who I am, and you're asking me for information, and you have no idea where you are!
Space Ghost: Uh, um...
Merrill Markoe: What kind of host are you?
Robin Leach: (in control room, talking to Moltar, still green, as Zoltran) Did it work?
Moltar: Oh yeah, Zoltran, it worked alright. I lost my parking space because of you, you jerk!
Robin Leach: You run the show, so you have ultimate power.
Moltar: No, see, that's what Linda tells you! Do me a favor, and give me a call before you just decide to possess the body of one of our guests.
Robin Leach: How do I get back, from here?
Moltar: What, you gotta broken leg? Walk!
Merrill Markoe: You don't, you don't breathe oxygen?
Space Ghost: For the last time, no.
Merrill Markoe: What exactly do you breathe?
Space Ghost: Um, air.
Merrill Markoe: You breathe air. It doesn't have oxygen in it?
Space Ghost: (flustered) Sure, it has.. oxygen in it.
Merrill Markoe: I don't think you have any idea what you're talkin' about, do you?
Space Ghost: Just don't fluster me! You've got me all flustered!
Zorak: Fluster him! Fluster him good!
Merrill Markoe: Well, how old are you?
Zorak: Good one!
Space Ghost: Ohhh... Thirty.
Merrill Markoe: Well, wait a minute now, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Space Ghost, you're thirty?
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Merrill Markoe: I thought you were a superhero in the sixties.
Space Ghost: I was.
Zorak: He was.
Merrill Markoe: You were a superhero when you were born? Just, like as an infant, you were a superhero?
Space Ghost: Exactly.
Zorak: Right!
Merrill Markoe: You couldn't have been a superhero, if you were a superhero in the sixties, you'd have to be pushing fifty.
Zorak: At least!
Space Ghost: Well, (laughs) I'm not a math teacher.
Merrill Markoe: You don't know the background, do you? You just don't know your own background.
Zorak: (laughs in background)
Space Ghost: I am thirty years old.
Merrill Markoe: You're not thirty.
Space Ghost: I am thirty years old.
Merrill Markoe: You're closer to fifty, aren't you, Space Ghost? You're not thirty.
Puff: Whoa, you're fifty?
Zorak: What, me?
Space Ghost: Magic dragon, I'm gonna come over there and nail your magic feet to the floor!
Merrill Markoe: Well, for a guy pushing fifty, I guess that's about as best as you can do.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Moltar.
Moltar: (throws lever, starts credits rolling)
Merrill Markoe: Are you actually a ghost?
Space Ghost: Of course I am. I'm Space Ghost.
Merrill Markoe: So does that mean you're deceased?
Space Ghost: I, uh... yeah.
Merrill Markoe: Do a lot of deceased people go into the talk show host kind of a field?
Space Ghost: You know what? I'm not deceased.
Merrill Markoe: Alright, alright. Well, let's move on to something you can answer.
(Credits roll)
(Band intro note)
("Ow!")

GUEST STARSRobin LeachMerrill Markoe
WRITERSMatt HarriganAlan Laddie
EDITORSBill WilnerJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astroman?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astroman?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy MerrillDave Willis
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M.Stranquest
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORMichael Kohler
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury Ingram
EDIT ASSISTMike PadgettPaul WilsonDon Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaCarolina PicturesGill Austin
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 39 - "Pilot"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:39
Title:Pilot
Original Air Date:August 21, 1997
Guest Stars:Lori Fetrick, Steve Henneberry

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Classical music plays in background)
(Lokar sits in a comfy chair)
Lokar: Good evening, I am Lokar, potentate of thug locusts, bringing you a very special glimpse at an historic episode of Space Ghost, Coast to Coast. Not many people know that in the early stages of this programme, there was a contract dispute, in which the outcome was the last-minute hiring of sub-standard Earth hero Birdman. I will be showing you many clips and out-takes from this fiasco tonight. I present to you now, the r-r-remains of Birdman, Coast to Coast. Enjoy!
(Film count-down, with projector sounds)
(Opening Birdman Coast to Coast them & titles)
Birdman, fun as in transmission,Birdman, in the middle of the night,When you're there for Birdman,Diggin' uncle Birdman!
Birdman: What if I have to go to the bathroom during the interview?
Bob: Relax, Harv, you'll be fine. Hey, stop worryin'. Now, I'd like you to meet the show's director, Moltar.
Birdman: Hey, Moltar, good to have ya aboard.
Moltar: Yeah, well it's this, or back to solitary.
Bob: Harvey, this is Lokar, he'll be your band leader.
Lokar: I prefer "musical ar-r-r-ranger", if you don't mind? Any upright anthropomorph with an appendage or two can "tickle the ivories". (plays a classical piano excerpt) Anywho, it's a delight to meet you, Birdman, charmed, I'm sure.
Birdman: What's with this guy, is he gonna do this on the show?
Moltar: Uhhh, I gotta question.
Bob: Yeah, babe, shoot.
Moltar: Um, just exactly, um... What do I do?
Bob: I told you, you just push the lever up and down, okay?
Moltar: Up, down... (pushes lever up and down, control room monitor shows off-screen shot of Avenger) Up, down... (pushes lever up and down, monitor shows Lokar in keyboard pod) Down... (pushes lever) Wait a minute!
(Beep!)
(Shot of empty set; Birdman crashes through ceiling, feet dangling)
Birdman: Uh, a little help up here.
(Beep!)
Birdman: (flies down from above, lands on stage; speaks nervously) Um, good evening, um, welcome to the show, I'm, er, your host, uh.. (echo effect) Biiiiiiird Maaaaaaan! (camera lens cracks, woman screams) Do I have to pay for that?
(Beep!)
Birdman: Good evening everyone, um, I'm your show, Birdman... hey, I'm sorry, sorry.
(Beep!)
Birdman: I just flew in from the coast, and, and, and boy, are my arms... oh, wings, you wanted wings there? I mean, wings..
(Beep!)
Birdman: Okay, okay, okay, okay. Eh, we do it again?
(Beep!)
Birdman: Um, well... Hey, have you heard about this, grunge rock music the kids are into? It's, um, pretty weird...
Lokar: Yippity yappity yappity! My good man, what are you going on about?
Birdman: Um, I'm trying to do my opening monologue.
Lokar: Opening monologue? It sounded more like you were delivering a eulogy! (laughs)
(Beep!)
Avenger: (squawks)
Birdman: (whispers) Should I start now?
Bob: Yeah.
Birdman: Howdy, folks, let's say hello to our director, uh...
Moltar: Moltar!
Birdman: My faithful sidekick, Avenger.
Avenger: (bows, then squawks)
Birdman: And our band leader...
Lokar: Musical di-r-r-rector, Lokar! Observe! (plays something classical on keyboard)
Birdman: (sighs)
Zorak: (off camera) You're pathetic, Lokar.
Birdman: What was that?
Lokar: What was that?
Bob: Well, that's Zorak...
Zorak: Hello.
Bob: He's our backup bug, you know, in case somethin' happens to Liberace here?
Lokar: I wish my br-r-r-other George was here!
(Beep!)
Birdman: Oh, I'm stupid!
Bob: Yeah, just pick up where you left off, Harv, it'll work, just fine.
Birdman: Um, tonight's guests are, um... Who are the guests, anyway?
Moltar: Ice and Tower, American Gladiators.
Birdman: Is that it? Oh well, ladies and gentlemen, tonight's guests, Tower and Ice.
(Monitor lowers with Tower and Ice, followed by dead silence)
Bob: Harvey?
Lokar: Well, what are you waiting for, say something.
Birdman: I will, just gimme a second. (pause) What should I say?
Bob: Anything you like, just, uh, just wing it. okay, Harv?
Birdman: (pause) Ohhhhh, the pressure!
(Beep!)
Birdman: Um, welcome, Ice and Tower, it's, it's great to have you here.
Ice: (laughs)
Birdman: Ummmm...
Tower: How are you doin'? I mean, are you...
Birdman: Well, not so great, actually, I've got my entire life riding on this show, and if it doesn't work out, it probably means the end of my marriage and my career.
Lokar: Oh, my, gape at me, I'm the pitiful tr-ragic Birdman. I flit about in total depression! Oh, poor pitiful me! My world is an irventine pile!
Birdman: Okay, that's enough. I can't work with this bug. He's getting on my nerves, and I don't understand a thing he says anyways.
Bob: Harvey, Harvey, calm down. Just do the show, okay?
Birdman: Yeah, okay.
Lokar: My hatred for you... is delicious.
(Beep!)
Avenger: (squawks and squawks, in background)
Birdman: So, what's your position, uh, on this grunge music?
Tower: I'd have to say my favorite event is the joust, um, it's a great feeling...
Lokar: I say, can't you do anything to squelch the cacophonous squawking of your mite-ridden cohort?
Birdman: Speak English, sissy.
Lokar: Might I suggest that the beast may provide more entertainment value if I lop its shrieking head off!
Birdman: That's it! Avenger, ho!
Avenger: (streaks across stage toward Lokar, beats the living bejeebers out of him)
(film trailer, end of movie reel noise)
Lokar: I'm sorry... But seeing that again... Oh, please! Oh, please, go away!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Lokar: And now, the conclusion of Birdman Coast to Coast. And Mother, stop the VCR, your Sonny Boy's not in this part.
(Film count-down, with projector sounds)
Zorak: (in keyboard pod, plays "Chopsticks") (to Moltar) Lokar's in the hospital. (evil laugh)
(Beep!)
Birdman: So, what's it like being a Gladiator?
Ice: It's, uh, it's a lifestyle that's a lot of fun, being Gladiator and superhero among kids.
Birdman: You actually consider yourselves superheroes?
Tower: Yeah.
Birdman: Hah! You fight mere mortals. Superheroes fight villains, evil villains.
Ice: Actually, I do think we fight evil villains, don't we?
Tower: Well, we got some people, yeah, they're pretty doggone evil, I'll tell you that.
Birdman: Yeah, right. Look out for Ted, the volunteer fireman. Woooo!
Tower: Are you challenging us?
Zorak: Sounds like a challenge to me!
Birdman: Listen, Zorak, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Zorak: I don't like you now.
Tower & Ice: (laugh)
Moltar: (laughs)
Birdman: Can't I get any respect around here? On my own show?
Tower & Ice: No, probably not
Moltar: No.
Birdman: I demand respect, I'm Birdman! (echo effect) Biiiiiird Maaaaaan!
Zorak: Yeah, whatever.
Birdman: Ooooh, I hate you, I hate you all! (flies off)
Tower: Now, if he was a Gladiator, what would we call him? Like, Creampuff or something? (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs) That's rich!
Birdman: (flies back) I heard that!
(Beep!)
Bob: Harvey! Harvey, pull yourself together! It's gettin' late here, man.
Birdman: Okay, okay, get off my back! (Holy Ra! Sun's going down! Must finish interview before my secret is revealed!)
Bob: Harvey, while we're young, alright?
Birdman: Um, okay. Y'know, my wife always wants me to do things around the house, like move stuff, y'know, open the pickle jar.
Tower: The pickle jar? (laughs)
Ice: The pickle jar.
Birdman: Do you have that problem?
Ice: You know, this is what I tell people, a lot of people want me to open jars, help them move. These muscles are for show. (laughs)
Birdman: (dozes off for a second)
Tower: Later, not! (laughs)
Ice: These things really don't work! (laughs)
Birdman: Actually, my wife is thinking of leaving me.
Tower & Ice: (laugh)
Birdman: I'm serious.
(Beep!)
Ice: Imagine about twenty thousand people watching you...
Birdman: (nodding off as she speaks)
Ice: And it's very dark on the floor, and you can't see anything in front of you, and I tripped on a mat! (laughs)
Birdman: (asleep at his desk)
Moltar: Birdman!
Birdman: (wakes up) Uh, here, here.
Bob: Harvey, you all right?
Birdman: Uh, wha? Oh, um, sorry, uh, low blood sugar.
Bob: Hey, can, can we get a peon to bring this loser some coffee?
Moltar: Creeeeam Puff!
(Beep!)
Bob: What do you mean you can't do this show at night?
Birdman: (struggling to stay away) Without.. sun's.. rays.. Birdman.. loses.. energy.
Bob: You gotta be kiddin' me! Falcon 7 didn't say anything about this!
Birdman: Wait.. 'til.. morning.. Birdman.. be.. fine. (drops head on desk, falls asleep)
Zorak: Well, thanks for coming, guys. Say good night, Birdman.
Birdman: (mumbles in his sleep) Uh, goodnight, Bird... man.
Ice: Thank you.
Birdman: Goodnight...
Tower: Cream puff. (both laugh)
Moltar: I guess it's past his bedtime.
Zorak: Let's cook him. I bet he tastes like chicken. (laughs)
Birdman: (talking in his sleep) I'll be good...
Bob: Harvey!
Birdman: (wakes up) Uh, oh, uh, are we done?
Bob: No, Harvey, but you are.
Birdman: What?
Bob: Birdman, YOU'RE FIRED!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs) Yeah!
Birdman: Look, you can't do this to me. I need this job! I'll do anything! I'll get a sunlamp, you don't understand, you can't fire me, I'm the Birdman!
Zorak: The Birdman?
Birdman: The Birdman's alright, he's okay! Don't you know who you're dealing with here? The Birdman, the Birdman! Biiiiird Maan! (collapses on his desk, sobs, then falls asleep again)
Moltar: So, I guess we're cancelled, right?
Zorak: Hey, good news, everyone! I just got off the phone with Tad Ghostal's agent, and everything's copacetic. Tomorrow, we start shooting "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". How about that, gang?
Moltar: (screams)
Zorak: (screams)
(Film trailer, end of movie reel noise)
Lokar: And so, Birdman's tears flowed on and on. A little birdie told me he's now selling tent campers in Indiana. 'Tis true! I hear that if you say that Avenger sent you, the propane tanks are free! Good night, all! Kiss kiss!
(Credits roll)
Birdman: (very tired voice) Biiiiird Maaaaan.... (head hits the desk)

GUEST STARSLori FetrickSteve Henneberry
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSKen BradyPJ NeelyJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
BIRDMAN'S THEME"Diggin' Uncle Birdman"
MUSICTerry Adams
LYRICSDavid Greenberger
VOCALSJoey SpampinatoDorothy Sands
PERFORMED BYNRBQ
NRBQ ISTerry AdamsTom ArdolinoJoey SpampinatoJohnny Spampinato
VOICESC. Martin CrokerScott FinnellAndy MerrillTom Arcuragi
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. StrandquistMatthew I. JenkinsLes HarperStephanie Gladden
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORMichael Kohler
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTKen ClarkeMaury IngramPaul MarkowskiBob Pettitt
EDIT ASSISTSMichael PadgettPaul WilsonDon Bowens
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
INTERNJason Daffner
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaGwen MontgomeryJay EdwardsJohn MillerMan...or Astro-man?
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 40 - "Speck"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:40
Title:Speck
Original Air Date:August 28, 1997
Guest Stars:Jimmy Cliff, Jack Logan

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost and Zorak fly in Phantom Cruiser)
Space Ghost: (hums the opening guitar riff from "Sweet Home Alabama" over and over and over and...)
(Opening theme & titles, with voiceover)
Tansut: Greetings, this is Tansut, welcoming you to another edition of "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". Tonight, Space Ghost yuks it up with reggae roustabout Jimmy Cliff, and musician Jack Logan. Did I read that right? "Yuk"? What does that mean? Maybe I should just amend it right here. No? Oh, keep on going? And now, a grown man in leotards, and I think he feels pretty sassy about it, Spaaaace Ghoooost!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, citizens! I'm Space Ghost! On my show tonight, I'll be probing (winks) a couple of top notch musicians to find out what makes them tick.
Zorak: Tick?
Space Ghost: Yes, tick.
Zorak: Tick, you say?
Space Ghost: Yes, Zorak, tick.
Zorak: I got it.
Space Ghost: Good.
(Way Outs play Space Ghost to his desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to desk, his seat is much lower than normal) (That's strange; the desk seems much higher tonight. Unless...) Hey, who's been messing with my chair?
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: The seat is still warm! Zorak, were you sitting in my chair?
Zorak: It's not sticky, is it?
Space Ghost: Uh... no.
Zorak: Nnno then.
Space Ghost: I don't believe you.
Zorak: I'm Egyptian!
Space Ghost: Oh, no you're not!
Zorak: Baaah!
Space Ghost: Listen, Zorak, the chair's still warm, so I know it had to be you or Moltar.
Zorak: Wasn't me, friend.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah?
Zorak: Eh, I don't know, whatever.
Space Ghost: (operates pneumatic control, raising chair) Moltar, were you sitting in my chair?
Zorak: I'm Egyptian!
Space Ghost: Oh, hush! (pause) Moltar!
Moltar: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Were you sitting in my chair?
Moltar: I was?
Space Ghost: Were you?
Moltar: What are you talkin' about?
Space Ghost: I'm not talkin' about anything, I'm asking you if you were sitting here!
Moltar: Oh, okay.
Space Ghost: So, were you or not?
Moltar: In your chair, right?
Space Ghost: Right.
Moltar: That's what I thought.
Space Ghost: (stares in silence)
Zorak: "Tick", you say?
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak, tick.
Zorak: Mmmm, like a time bomb tick?
Space Ghost: No, more like my Mickey Mouse watch. A nice tick!
Zorak: Time bombs are nice. Tick tick tick... Boom! Tick tick tick... Boom!
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: What is it, Moltar?
Moltar: You know, there's also an insect called a tick. It's small, but can cause a very grave illness.
Space Ghost: (Illness is bad.)
Moltar: It's actually a parasite, which, uh, means it receives nourishment from its host...
Space Ghost: (interrupting) Yes, thank you Moltar. Anyway, on tonight's program, singer / songwriter / swimming pool motor repairman Jack Logan is here. Along with bongo man / something else probably, reggae legend Jimmy Cliff. Now, that's a lot of s's. S... s... Moltar, I think there's something wrong with my sibilance. Ssssibilance... Sssibilance... Ssssssssssssibilance.
Moltar: Hi Jimmy.
Jimmy Cliff: Hi.
Moltar: I'm so tired. I haven't slept a wink.
Jimmy Cliff: Oh. Um, wonderful.
(Moltar throws lever, sends Jimmy to studio monitor)
Jimmy Cliff: (sings as monitor lowers)
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, reggae legend Jimmy Cliff. Welcome to my show, o Bongo Man.
Jimmy Cliff: Alright. Thank you.
Space Ghost: You're welcome. So, what do you think of the big show? Pretty fancy, eh?
Jimmy Cliff: Very interesting.
Space Ghost: Hmm. "Interesting" good, or "interesting" bad?
Jimmy Cliff: So far, so good. Still enjoying myself.
Space Ghost: "Enjoying yourself" good, or "enjoying yourself" bad?
Jimmy Cliff: Yes. (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs) I see. Now Jimmy, my belly is full, but I'm hungry.
Jimmy Cliff: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: And a hungry mon is an angry mon.
Jimmy Cliff: Good. Alright, I'll remember that.
Space Ghost: So James, tell me everything you've been doing lately.
Jimmy Cliff: I've been recording...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Jimmy Cliff: ... for my new album.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Jimmy Cliff: I've been writing...
Space Ghost: Oh-kay.
Jimmy Cliff: ... and I've been doing a few shows...
Space Ghost: Mmm-kay.
Jimmy Cliff: ... particularly in South America.
Space Ghost: No kidding? South America?
Jimmy Cliff: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: I love South America! Y'know, Jimmy, that's the land of the great Delta Blues men. You know, Muddy Rivers, Crew Cut Johnson, Blind Orange Julius. All the great blues men are from South America.
Jimmy Cliff: (pause) My new album is called "Higher and Higher".
Space Ghost: Alright.
Jimmy Cliff: It's a mixture of some of my...
Space Ghost: (interrupts) Carryin' me home to my kin? Singing songs about the South land... I miss Alabamy once again. Turn it up!
Jimmy Cliff: (looks back in silence)
Space Ghost: Jimmy, can I ask you something?
Jimmy Cliff: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: It's a question, is that okay?
Jimmy Cliff: Yes.
Space Ghost: Do you think I'm Irish?
Jimmy Cliff: Give, give the what?
Space Ghost: Do you think I'm Irish?
Zorak: Irie.
Space Ghost: Irie, yes. Do you think I'm irie.
Jimmy Cliff: (laughs) You're very well on your way, yes.
Space Ghost: Is that good? I don't actually know what 'irie' means. All I know is that it has something to do with St. Patrick's Day, in that I'm supposed to wear my green cape that day.
Jimmy Cliff: Irie... is to rule... one's internal.
Space Ghost: I'm in touch with the beat of the Caribbean.
Jimmy Cliff: So irie means "I rule, I internally".
Space Ghost: Hey, Zorak, guess what? I'm irie.
Zorak: Guess what? You're an idiot.
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak) How about Zorak, Jimmy? I figure with that green shell, he's gotta have some irie blood in him.
Zorak: Forward and Fiaca, menacle and den gosaca.
(Reggae music begin playing in background)
Jimmy Cliff: (sings; fades from the monitor)
Space Ghost: (sings poorly)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Moltar: (talking to Jack on control room monitor) Well, let's see; my calculator collection; my autographed copy of "The Celestine Prophecy"; a sleeve or two of Oreos, and a box of Kleenex.
Jack Logan: (laughs)
Moltar: Well, how about you? What do you keep underneath your bed?
Jack Logan: Uh, magazines wrapped in plastic, of dead people.
Moltar: That's awesome! Dead people crack me up! Hey, Jack, you know what?
Jack Logan: What's that?
Moltar: (quietly) Sometimes I like to wrap myself up in plastic.
Jack Logan: (laughs) Oh, I gotta be going.
Space Ghost: My next guess sings songs about motors and sprockets, and we couldn't be happier to have him here. Identify yourself, please.
Jack Logan: (lowering on studio monitor) Jack Logan, uh, motor repairman, singer.
Space Ghost: Welcome, Jack.
Jack Logan: Great to be here, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Let me begin with a serious question, Jackie boy.
Jack Logan: Okay, yeah, sure.
Space Ghost: How about this pantsuit I'm sporting? Rather smart looking, is it not?
Jack Logan: Is that the same one, or do you have like a big closet full of 'em, or... how does that work?
Space Ghost: I have several, and I rotate.
Jack Logan: (laughs) I though so, I, you know, I didn't know if there was some special material that deflects dirt...
Space Ghost: Oh, but it is. It's a space-age material called spandex.
Jack Logan: (laughs) Okay. And, the shape of your head is amazing.
Space Ghost: Like a bullet.
Jack Logan: Yeah. (laughs)
Space Ghost: It intimidates.
Jack Logan: I could see why, it's very, it's intimidating, but very attractive.
Space Ghost: You find my jaw attractive?
Jack Logan: Yeah, yeah, very strong, you know, I've got, like, clay, you know, it just looks like, you know, very weak chin. I saw it, I'm a little jealous.
Space Ghost: You like my cut, do you?
Jack Logan: Your cut?
Space Ghost: Yes, I'm cut like a rock.
Jack Logan: You are, you're very solid.
Space Ghost: Dense, like a loaf of turkey roll.
Jack Logan: All muscle too, I bet.
Zorak: I'll take that bet.
Space Ghost: Aw, go tune yourself, Zorak.
Zorak: I'm Egyptian!
Space Ghost: Pay no attention to him, Jack. He's evil.
Jack Logan: (laughs) Well, he's kinda here against his will, right?
Space Ghost: Yes he is. He and Moltar were very bad, and I locked them up. Have you met Moltar?
Jack Logan: Yeah, I've, I've seen him. (laughs) He's very quiet, isn't he?
Space Ghost: (laughs) A little slow upstairs.
Moltar: Hey!
Space Ghost: But enough about them. We were talking about my chin.
Jack Logan: Do you have a ray that can tighten up my chin, and take some off the nose...
Space Ghost: Silly citizen, rays are for superheroes!
Jack Logan: Okay, well, yeah, have me back on the show when you get...
Space Ghost: Silly citizen, raysss... raysss... are for superheroesss sss sss... Hey Moltar, nice work on the sibilance, buddy. I don't know what you did, but it's much better.
Moltar: Yeah, I turned the, uh... thing.
Space Ghost: So, Jack-a-roo, let's take a few seconds to talk about your new album. Are you ready? (':00.0' appears at bottom of screen) Begin.
Jack Logan: (time starts counting up, with clock ticking sound) Uh, that's our latest record, it's been out for about five or six months...
Space Ghost: (interrupts) Hey, Jack Logan, look what I can do! (blasts Zorak)
Jack Logan: Wow, cool.
Space Ghost: Yeah, it's quite a rush.
Jack Logan: He's a very funny bug.
Space Ghost: You think Zorak's funny?
Jack Logan: Yeah, I, I think he is. And the little guy too, or is he dead now?
Space Ghost: The little dead guy?
Jack Logan: Oh, the... his little buddy.
Space Ghost: Raymond?
Jack Logan: Raymond, yes. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Zorak's nephew.
Jack Logan: His nephew, yeah.
Space Ghost: History.
Jack Logan: (laughs) Well, I shouldn't have brought that up, I'm sorry.
Zorak: I'm not.
Raymond: (muffled voice, from within Zorak) Somebody save me! I'm still alive! Somebody save me!
Zorak: (talking over Raymond's yelling) Oh, uh, la la la la, la la la, nobody can hear, la la la la la...
Space Ghost: Oh-kay, Jack Logan. Now, do I understand correctly that in addition to being a musician, you're also a mechanic?
Jack Logan: Right, uh, yeah.
Space Ghost: Have you ever worked on a Phantom Cruiser?
Jack Logan: No, no, I'd be interested to take a crack at one.
Space Ghost: Yeah, been havin' some trouble with the helix compressor. I think there may be a short in the binomal oxidation tank, but I can't seem to get around the nancor valve.
Jack Logan: Oh, okay, okay, yeah. I think you can bypass that.
Space Ghost: Bypass the nancor valve? How are we gonna bypass the nancor valve?
Jack Logan: It's, it's illegal, but... you know, you can get away with it.
Space Ghost: Illegal?
Jack Logan: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: Excuse me, son, why would I want to "get away with" something that is illegal?
Jack Logan: (looks back silently)
Space Ghost: (starts blinking his left eye) Uh oh. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I've got something in my eye. Stop the show.
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: What's goin' on with you, Moltar? What, you hit your head or somethin'?
Moltar: I was, uh, out dancing last night. (pause) Dancing.
Space Ghost: (blink)

GUEST STARSJimmy CliffJack Logan
WRITERMatt Harrigan
EDITORSJay EdwardsKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...orAstro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...orAstro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORGreg Partridge
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
ON-LINE CONFORMTim Garber
EDIT ASSISTTim SchnackMatt Lind
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaScotty
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 41 - "Zorak"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:41
Title:Zorak
Original Air Date:September 4, 1997
Guest Stars:Dr. Maxcy Nolan, Steve Arnold

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Greetings and hello, this is Tansut, welcoming you to another Space Ghost Coast to Coast. Tonight, entomologist Dr. Maxcy Nolan, and exterminator Steve Arnold. Nobody special, but we think they're funny. That counts for somethin', don't it? Well, don't it?! Nobody listens to me! I don't know why I bother! (crying) Here's Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, one and all, I'm Space Ghost.
Zorak: So what?
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Zorak: Go on and start the dumb show!
Space Ghost: Actually, we're not doing our regular show tonight, Zorak.
Zorak: You mean it won't stink?
Space Ghost: (laughs) And so it begins. No, Zorak, I'm saying that I have a special surprise for you tonight. (drum roll) Zorak, here... is... your... (cymbal crash) life!
Audience: (applause)
Zorak: (sputters, wide-eyed) What!?! (shot of all-mantis audience) Oh, great. Moltar! Why didn't you warn me?
Moltar: Hey, nobody tells me anything.
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak. Moltar didn't know a thing about this. You see, I only told two special friends of yours. And then they told two friends, and then they told two friends. And so on, and so on, and so on... (as he talks, the screen splits into two, then four, then eight, and then sixteen talking Space Ghosts.)
Zorak: Well, I don't want no stinky "here is your life". It's embarrassing.
Space Ghost: Oh, hush up, Mr. Party Poop Bug. It'll be fun, fun, fun! We're gonna have guests who'll talk about you, and surprises. And afterwards, we're all going to a party downtown at the Taco King.
Audience: (applause)
Zorak: The Taco King?
Moltar: (reciting a jingle) "It's where the refried bean reigns supreme."
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk, big band music plays from scratchy record in background; music stops as needle is dragged across record) Alrighty! (fanfare plays) Zorak, here comes your life! (fanfare finishes)
Zorak: Can't we skip this garbage and go straight to the tacos?
Space Ghost: No, now pipe down. (more big band background music) (clears throat) Ah, Zorak, what can one say? (family portrait with father, mother, two older siblings and baby Zorak; siblings dissappear one by one as Space Ghost speaks, followed by father's head) Born into a small family made even smaller by disgusting acts of cannibalism, you quickly entered into young bughood (police mug shot of Zorak in a leather jacket), and a life of evil.
Zorak: Hail, evil!
Moltar: Hail, evil!
Audience: (wild applause)
Space Ghost: (quietly) May I continue?
Zorak: Sure, it's your show.
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Now, Zorak, tell me if you remember this voice, from your criminal past:
Metallus: (drones and drones)
Zorak: (listens) Nnn- uh uh.
Space Ghost: Oh. Well, uh... do you remember this voice?
Brak: Hi, Zorak, my name is Brak.
Zorak: Hmmmmm... Sorry, doesn't ring a bell.
Space Ghost: This one?
Weird Al Yankovic: Hey, Zorak, you... evil locust!
Zorak: Nope.
Space Ghost: Aaaaaa! Work with me here! Now, do you know this voice?
Cyclo: Hey there, Zorak, remember that cavity search Warden Smith put us through that one wacky New Year's?
Zorak: (looks surprised at first) I give up.
Cyclo: You're not even trying, are you?
Space Ghost: (aside) Sh, don't give him any hints.
Zorak: I don't know. Steve?
Space Ghost: No, no, no! Lord, man, don't you know your own life? It's your old cell mate, from Prison Planet Alpha DD-7, master villain and would-be world conqueror, Cyclo!
Audience: (applause)
Cyclo: Hey, Zorak!
Zorak: Hey... Cyclo. So... what'cha been doing?
Cyclo: Oh, the usual, ten to life.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Eh, sorry.
Cyclo: (shrugs) Well, see ya, Zorak.
Zorak: Eh, yeah. So long, Cyclo.
Space Ghost: So, uh, Cyclo, will you be joining us at the Taco Master after the show?
Cyclo: I can't, stupid, I'm in jail! (fades from monitor)
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, right.
Zorak: Being here tonight reminds me of how much I miss prison.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Isn't this "here is your life" stuff great, Zorak?
Zorak: If we're really gonna do this, I gotta go change vests.
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: Okay, here's our first special guest, to tell us all about Zorak and his ilk.
Audience: (applause)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen! Welcome to Zorak's life!
Maxcy Nolan: Hi there.
Space Ghost: Identify yourself to the universe, please.
Maxcy Nolan: I'm Maxcy Nolan, professor of entomology at the University of Georgia.
Space Ghost: Um, that means "bug guy", right?
Maxcy Nolan: Yes.
Space Ghost: Great! We brought you here tonight to talk to us about our little friend...
Maxcy Nolan: The great Zorak.
Audience: (wild applause)
Space Ghost: Um, look, friend, I know Zorak, okay? And, he's not that great. Got that?
Maxcy Nolan: Yes.
Space Ghost: Good. As I was saying, this is our mantis of the quarter hour, Zorak.
Maxcy Nolan: Hi, Zorak.
Zorak: (drinks coffee) Kiss my..
Space Ghost: Pretty scary, eh, eh?
Maxcy Nolan: Yes, yes.
Space Ghost: Freaky, in fact.
Maxcy Nolan: Six feet in size, and a praying mantis at that.
Space Ghost: And evil to boot.
Zorak: Eh!
Space Ghost: Now, technically, is Zorak an insect or a pest?
Maxcy Nolan: What is your definition of a pest?
Space Ghost: Uh, I don't know, I asked you.
Maxcy Nolan: A plant out of place is called what?
Space Ghost: A transplant?
Maxcy Nolan: A weed.
Space Ghost: I knew that.
Maxcy Nolan: An insect that's out of place, and doing bad things is called..
Space Ghost: A weed!
Maxcy Nolan: A pest.
Space Ghost: Exactly!
Maxcy Nolan: What category should we place Zorak in today?
Space Ghost: (laughs) I think that's very clear.
Maxcy Nolan: Pest.
Space Ghost: Yep, he's a pesty insect pest. But shouldn't he have six legs?
Maxcy Nolan: Well, they're supposed to have six legs; how many legs does Zorak have?
Space Ghost: Two legs, um, two arms, kinda got a beak...
Maxcy Nolan: Is it possible that under that red vest (shot of Zorak in a blue vest) ... red vest (shot of Zorak in a red vest) he is carrying an extra set of arms, that no one has found out about yet.
Space Ghost: Ihhh! Barf!
Zorak: Actually, that's where I keep my Mintøs. (pulls out Mintøs) (Ding!) Das Freshmaker! (three note orchestra hit)
Space Ghost: Have you ever dipped a mantis into rich creamy milk chocolate?
Audience: Mmmmmm!
Maxcy Nolan: I've taken mantis, and I have dipped them in alcohol, and made 'em drunk.
Zorak: Woo hoo!! Sign me up! Hello, sailor!
Space Ghost: Why do you like these evil green things anyway?
Maxcy Nolan: One thing that I found just the most absolutely amazing about the mantises, is the fact that they can stand motionless, for hours. Literally not moving any body part that is visible.
Zorak: Actually, nobody moves much in a Hanna-Barbera cartoon.
Maxcy Nolan: That's very interesting.
Space Ghost: Not really. Well, thanks for being with us, Mr. Nolan, and telling us all about... pests. Will we see you at Ye Olde Taco Shoppe after the big show?
Maxcy Nolan: Chomp, chomp, chomp.
Space Ghost: Huh? I'll... take that as a maybe. (Dr. Nolan fades from the monitor) Okay, folks, next we have an old film clip of Zorak to show you.
Zorak: Ye gods! You're not gonna show that old thing, are ya?!
Space Ghost: That's right. We're going to see the first time I ever met our evil weevil little bug pal, and beat the living daylights out of him. It's called, simply, "Zorak". Enjoy!
Zorak: Moltar!
Moltar: Uh, sorry, man.
(Film leader countdown, then opening titles & theme from old Space Ghost "Zorak" cartoon)
(Zorak & his henchmen cut through wall; audience cheers)
Zorak: So, Space Ghost is not here. But he left us two hostages. I can still have my revenge!
Jace: Zorak!
Zorak: Come!
Jace: Where are we going?
Zorak: (attaches note to door with daggar) No questions!
Space Ghost: (with Blip on shoulder, reading note; audience boos) "It's a trade! Your life for my hostages!" Signed, Zorak!
Space Ghost: (watching clip on monitor, Jan & Jace are on screen) Tsk! Those stupid kids! Why did I even bother?
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space, invisos out; audience boos)
Space Ghost: What have you done with Jan and Jace, Zorak?
Zorak: (audience cheers) They are right here, Space Ghost. And, they are still alive, and they will stay that way if you follow orders. It's your life I want, not the hostages. (audience applause again)
Space Ghost: Man, Zorak, what was with your voice back then?
Zorak: Yeah, well, what's up with your voice?
(Space Ghost is in space pod; door slides shut, he sees swarm of space bugs about to attack him; audience cheers)
Zorak: (laughs) Those sounds you hear are my killer mosquitoids, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (in studio) (sarcastic) Not the killer mosquittos! Ooooh! (giving a play by play) Okay, watch what I do here. (laughs) You thought you had me there, didn't you?
Space Ghost: (on monitor) (seeing Blip by the Phantom Cruiser) It's Blip! With my power bands! (lands pod next to cruiser; mosquitoids zoom by) (as he puts on power bands) Good work, Blip!
Zorak: (watching Space Ghost blast the mosquitoids) Space Ghost has regained his powers! (looks at Jan & Jace) Take them to the flying bomb! (audience cheers)
Space Ghost: I've got to get them out! (zooms off)
Moltar: (sarcastic) Flying time bomb? Heh! Brilliant.
Jace: Boy, are we glad to see you! (audience boos)
Space Ghost: No time to talk, take these emergency rocket packs and eject, fast! I'll head this ship back to Zorak with our best wishes. (Jan & Jace eject) There, Zorak, let's see if you can take it, as well as you can dish it out!
Zorak: (in studio) Uh, do we need to watch this part?
Space Ghost: (in studio) Oh, hold on, hold on. This is so good!
(Ship hits Zorak's base and explodes; audience boos)
Space Ghost: (laughing) Did ya, did you see that, where I blew up his planet? Hoo hoo, oh man!
Zorak: Feh! I would have defeated you, if it wasn't for those meddling kids. (looks at camera briefly, then turns back) And that monkey.
Moltar: (laughs) Well, I mean, putting jet packs in the rocket? Eh, that's not too swift.
Zorak: Oh, shut up!
Space Ghost: Hey, Moltar! Let's see that footage of Zorak's planet blowing up, one more time.
Moltar: (rewinds tape on control room monitor, throws lever. Replay of planet destruction scene from previous cartoon appears on screen)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) Ahem, sorry.
Space Ghost: (laughing) I'm sorry, Zorak, I, I'm not laughing at you, I was, I was, well, well okay, I was laughing at you! (laughs) Say, Zorak, just how did you escape certain death when I blew up your planet?
Zorak: I, I crouched.
Space Ghost: Crouched?
Zorak: Down low, behind a rock.
Space Ghost: Huh.
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: Our next guest is an expert in pest control. That means killing insects.
Audience: (boos)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen, welcome to Zorak's life.
Steve Arnold: Thank you for having me.
Space Ghost: Identify yourself, please.
Steve Arnold: Steve Arnold, Peachtree Pest Control.
Audience: (boos)
Zorak: Boo! Boo!
Space Ghost: Pest control?
Steve Arnold: Mmm, that's right, pest control.
Space Ghost: That means you kill insects, right?
Steve Arnold: Ah, yeah, we try not to use those words if possible.
Space Ghost: Why not? Them's good words! Say, Steve... You know, I need help controlling a pest.
Steve Arnold: Ah, yeah, I was afraid you was gonna bring him up.
Space Ghost: Uh, he's my, uh...
Steve Arnold: I know. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Uh, you know who he is?
Steve Arnold: Know him quite well.
Zorak: Gonna getcha!
Space Ghost: Woo-o-o-o, pretty scary, isn't he?
Steve Arnold: Uh, only when he's looking my way.
Zorak: Gonna getcha!
Space Ghost: What would you use to control pests like Zorak?
Steve Arnold: Uh, hammers, bricks, two by fours...
Space Ghost: You go right at it, huh?
Steve Arnold: I go in there with intent to kill, destroy, eliminate.
Space Ghost: Sounds good! Do you have anything cool you say right before you whack 'em?
Steve Arnold: Take this.
Space Ghost: Take this. Hmmmm... Take this. Take this. Take this. Take this. Take this and this and this. And this. I like it very much.
Steve Arnold: It's short, it's simple, and usually works.
Space Ghost: Do you.. mind if I use it? Can I take 'take this'?
Steve Arnold: It's yours.
Space Ghost: Thanks! Say, Steve, what else can we learn about mantii?
Steve Arnold: The mantis family has a tendency to be cannibalistic of their own kind.
Zorak: (belches) (sniff sniff) Mom?
Space Ghost: Knew that one already, thanks.
Steve Arnold: Mm.
Space Ghost: Here's a stumper: any idea why mantises wear cheap polyester vests?
Steve Arnold: Uh, to impress the females, I would assume. It used to work in the sixties, back here on Earth. It doesn't work now, does it.
Space Ghost: Do any other pests wear polyester?
Steve Arnold: Uh, no, mattafact, most of 'em have moved up into the wools and silk blends.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Well, thanks for being with us, Mr. Insect Killer.
Steve Arnold: Thank you for having me. (fades from monitor)
Zorak: Gonna getcha!
Space Ghost: Well, Zorak, there you have it. Your miserable little life.
Zorak: I only have one thing to say. Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Yes?
Zorak: (holding ray gun) Here is your death!! (evil laugh; fires at Space Ghost, hits his face)
Audience: (applause and cheers)
Space Ghost: Ow! Jerk! That hurt!
Zorak: It was supposed to!
Space Ghost: Oh, I see. Well, 'take that!'
Moltar: This.
Space Ghost: This! (blasts Zorak)
Audience: (boos)
(Credits roll)
Zorak: (crisped) Ih, what a night. I've never been so humiliated. I wish... I wish I'd never been born! (harp music; picture turns to black and white) Hey, what's going on? Is Turner de-colorizing now?
Raymond: (appears on Zorak's pod, with a halo, but no wings) Hello!
Zorak: Zuzu's petals! Raymond?! But, it can't be! I ate you episodes ago!
Raymond: I'm an angel now, Uncle Zorak, second class! And I'm here to show you what life would have been like, if you had never been born!
Zorak: Oh, brother. Everybody has to do schtick.
Raymond: Look, Uncle Zorak. If you hadn't been born, "Different Strokes" would still be on the air. (studio monitor shows cartoon still of "Different Strokes" cast)
Zorak: (Gary Coleman voice) What you talkin' about, Raymond?
Raymond: Lokar would have gotten your job on the show. (studio monitor shows still of Lokar in the keyboard pod)
Zorak: No way!
Raymond: Space Ghost's show would have been a huge success! He would have been elected governor of California, and then president of the whole universe! (studio monitor shows various stills of Space Ghost)
Zorak: What?! You mean all that would have happened if I wasn't born? Raymond, I want to live! I want to make Space Ghost miserable!
Raymond: (harp music) (sprouts wings with a "pop!") Yay! Thanks, Uncle Zorak! (floats upward and away, with his new wings, to the Pearly Gates)
Zorak: (back in color, un-crisped) I'm alive! You hear that, you ol' Ghost Planet? Alive!
("pop!")

GUEST STARSDr. Maxcy NolanSteve Arnold
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSPJ Neely(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...orAstro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...orAstro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy MerrillJohn BernsteinDave WillisJim Fortier
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerMatthew I. JenkinsJoe D. SuggsJames RayThrelkeld
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORGreg Partridge
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury IngramKen Clarke
ON-LINE CONFORMDave Sillman
EDIT ASSISTTim SchnackJoe Friou
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanGill AustinMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna Barbera"Weird Al" YankovicUGA Dept. of EntomologyPeachtree Pest ControlJay EdwardsCurtis ElderJay BellissimoPat Coddington
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 42 - "Switcheroo"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:42
Title:Switcheroo
Original Air Date:September 11, 1997
Guest Stars:Mark Hamill, Bill Mumy

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles, with voiceover)
Tansut: Hello, and how do, folks. This is Tansut, fearless space criminal, welcoming you to "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". I'm not allowed to say who the guests are tonight, because two villains, whose name I won't mention but they're on this show, said they would hit me in the face if I told anybody. (crying) I don't know what the point of being an announcer is, if I can't announce something. (sobbing) I hate this job!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! On tonight's show, we have Ohio state senator Howard Metzenbaum, and America's most loveable drunk, Foster Brooks.
Zorak: (wearing a cap) Ready when you are.
Space Ghost: Zorak, what's that on your head?
Zorak: A cap.
Space Ghost: Uh huh. And, does that say "Sci-Fi Con '97"?
Zorak: Y'know, I believe it does.
Space Ghost: And when was this 'quote' 'unquote' "Sci-Fi Con '97"?
Zorak: Oh, uh, last weekend.
Space Ghost: (stares in silence)
Zorak: And, all last week.
Space Ghost: Here? On Ghost Planet? Why wasn't I invited?
Zorak: We only invite guests of honor, everyone else is $4.50 a day, or twelve bucks for the weekend.
Space Ghost: Really!
Zorak: Oh yeah.
Space Ghost: Well then, who was your "guest of honor"?
Zorak: Bill Mumy.
Moltar: He signed my helmet.
Space Ghost: Bill Mumy? You honored Bill Mumy? What did the fa-a-amous Bill Mumy do to get invited.
Moltar: Oh, only "Babylon 5"...
Zorak: "Lost in Space"...
Moltar: "Twilight Zone"...
Zorak: "Space Cases"...
Moltar: Oh, and he was the only one to play the child version of Darin Stevens on "Bewitched". (monitor shows Zorak, with text:)
CAM 152STEP 132THE ENTIREAPPARATUS ISTHEN VIBRATEDUP AND DOWN
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk while they talk)
Zorak: "Bewitched" isn't sci-fi.
Moltar: It's got witches.
Zorak: Oh yeah, magic. I'll give you that one.
Moltar: Duh!
Space Ghost: Okay, okay, okay! I can't believe this! I sit here with you guys week after week, and here you go behind my back and invite Mumy!
Moltar: Uh, he's your first guest. (monitor shows Space Ghost at his desk, with text:)
CAM 463DISTANCE TO NEXTREST STOP:50 MILES
Space Ghost: Eh, my first guest? Where's Metzenbaum?!
Moltar: Uh, he's been... detained.
Space Ghost: "Detained"?
Moltar: On the planet Rumyungyunson... son.
Space Ghost: There is no planet Rumyungyunsonson.
Moltar: Well... that's where he is.
Space Ghost: Zorak?
Zorak: Don't look at me.
Space Ghost: You didn't even book Howard Metzenbaum, did you?
Moltar: (silence)
Space Ghost: Did you!?!
Moltar: Here's Bill.
Space Ghost: Don't do it.
Moltar: C'mon, he came a long way.
Space Ghost: (starts blasting his monitor screen continuously)
Moltar: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: I'm just gonna keep on blasting the screen until ya get rid of him.
Moltar: (to Bill) Uh, can't let ya out there just yet, Bill. We're, uh, havin' some technical problems. (monitor shows mirror image text:)
DirecPC OUORDINATE SATELLISE
Bill Mumy: Thank you, sir. (monitor shows mirror image text:)
DIRECTMENT DU FABRSCAST
Space Ghost: (tries to fire power bands, but no blast) Aw nuts. Ran outta juice.
Zorak: Now, Moltar!
Moltar: Now! (throws lever, sending Bill to the studio monitor)
Bill Mumy: Space Ghost! Pleasure to be with you here, sir. Zorak, you're lookin' good.
Zorak: Thanks, Bill.
Bill Mumy: Moltar, how ya doin', man?
Moltar: Eh...
Space Ghost: He can sit there, but I won't talk to him. (hums in background and doodles)
Zorak: (to Bill) You have a good time at Sci-Fi Con?
Bill Mumy: Yeah, absolutely.
Moltar: Man, the costume show was awesome!
Bill Mumy: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (humming and singing quitely) I'm not listening to you...
Zorak: It was a great time had by all... except for Space Ghost. (evil laugh)
Bill Mumy: Yup, yeah, it was a, it was a fun eight days, y'know...
Space Ghost: (shouts) Look, I drew a piggy! (hold up picture)
Bill Mumy: (nods)
Zorak: Ih, uh... So, Bill, tell us about the worst "Lost in Space" episode ever.
Moltar: Yeah, like you told the panel at the convention. (monitor shows mirror image text:)
MIKES@PKWARE.COMGMKOENIG@ACSU.BUFFALO.EDU
Bill Mumy: Oh yeah. (Space Ghost gibbers & mocks him in the background) Well, this was called "The Great Vegetable Rebellion", and the Jupiter 2 had landed on a planet with sentient vegetables, and while we were collecting specimens for our galley, for dinner, we started this great rebellion, by this talking carrot, named Tybo. That's even more than I'd even hoped to remember.
Space Ghost: (mocking) ... more than I ever hoped to remember. Blb blb blb... (makes raspberry sounds) Now, if you'll excuse me, boys, I've got to go. (flies off)
Zorak: Uh... So, Bill, uh, what was the name of that carrot again?
Bill Mumy: Tybo. (screen zaps & goes black, except for fading white dot in the middle)
Moltar: (throwing levers) Uh, Bill? (monitor shows fading dot and text:)
NON STANDARDREFERENCEABORT?RETRY?FAIL?
Space Ghost: (bounds back in to desk) There! That's done!
Zorak: What did you just do?
Space Ghost: Oh, I unplugged the feed. (sarcastically) That's okay, isn't it, Moltar?
Moltar: You idiot! Why did you do that? Now I gotta go downstairs and reboot the entire system. (walks off) (monitor shows Space Ghost, with text:)
PLEASE KEEPARMS INSIDETHE VEHICLE
Space Ghost: Y'know, Zorak, I've been thinking of having my own convention. It'll be called (begin echo effect) "Space Ghost Con '97"! (end echo) And it won't involve you! Because I don't need you!
Zorak: Pfff! Knock yourself out.
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: What're you wearing?
Zorak: (wearing Klingon mask and armor, speaking in Klingon voice) I am Gowron, leader of the Klingon High Council! You have dishonored your family name, Worf, son of Mogh!
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: I said, I am Gowron, leader of the Klingon High Counc-
Space Ghost: Take off that stupid hat!
Zorak: (pause) It's a mask.
Space Ghost: I don't care what it is, it's not getting you into "Space Ghost Con '97".
Zorak: (sits there)
Space Ghost: Take it off!
Moltar: Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Yes?
Moltar: Um, Foster Brooks has, uh...
Space Ghost: Also been detained on the planet Rumyungyunsonson?
Moltar: (sighs) Yes. (Monitor shows famous e-mail addresses again)
Space Ghost: And who do you propose that we replace him with?
Moltar: Well... Mark Hamill's here.
Space Ghost: The "Star Wars" guy?
Moltar: Ahem! Correction! THE "Star Wars" guy!
Space Ghost: He was here for your dumb convention, wasn't he?
Moltar: Oh, no no no no no no no, he was here for the... uh... the "Corvette Summer" convention.
Zorak: Yeah, the "Corvette Summer" convention. At the, La Quinta.
Moltar: Uh, yeah, it's, uh, down the, um, street. (monitor shows text:)
GERSON V. K.HOPE YOU DECIPHERTHIS ONE BUD
Zorak: Yeah, down the street.
Space Ghost: Huh. Well, maybe he'll take part in, ahem, (begin echo effect) "Space Ghost Con '97"! (end echo)
Zorak: (laughs) Maybe he won't.
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah, maybe he's got other plans.
Space Ghost: So, what do you guys know?
Mark Hamill: (appears on studio monitor) Uh, it's Mark Hamill here.
Space Ghost: Whoa! Look who's here, young people! It's none other than Duke Fartknocker!
Moltar: Luke Skywalker!
Space Ghost: Luke Skytopper of the popular "Space War" science fiction mega-empire franchise.
Mark Hamill: Uh, I think it's much more along the lines of a fairy tale than it is straightforward science fiction.
Space Ghost: Whatever, professor. How's Chewwy?
Mark Hamill: Chewwy? Well, you know...
Space Ghost: (laughs) You and me both!
Mark Hamill: (stares back)
Space Ghost: But seriously, Mark... (very quietly) was it scary working with Lord Vader?
Moltar: (making Darth Vader breathing noises)
Mark Hamill: James Earl Jones is just such a gifted person, and-
Zorak: Prowse.
Space Ghost: Eh?
Zorak: David Prowse. He played Vader in the movie version, not Jones.
Mark Hamill: (laughs) Hey, I said a dirty word.
Zorak: Oh, you did, pal!
Moltar: David Prowse! Are you joking? If this is a joke, I'm not laughing.
Zorak: Prowse is the true Lord Vader!
Moltar: Prowse? Blpblpblp! He was a figurehead! It is Jones who is the true Vader!
Zorak: Answer me this, Moltar: who patrolled the galleys of the Death Star?
Moltar: The ewoks!
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Mark Hamill: (laughs)
Zorak: Don't patronize me, bantha fodder!
Moltar: Well, if you consulted your handbook, you would know it was the storm troopers.
Zorak: Yes, of course, but who led them, Moltar? Huh? Who led 'em? Refresh my memory on this one, if you please!
Moltar: (silent)
Zorak: Would that be Pr... Pr.. Pr.. Pro-w-w-w-w-wse?
Moltar: Prowse, but he-
Zorak: Exactly!
Moltar: But-
Zorak: Exactly, Moltar! That's exactly what I thought!
Space Ghost: Hey, what do you fellas thing of those Ghostbusters?
Zorak: (stares back)
Space Ghost: You think they'd scare me because I'm, you know, I'm a ghost.
Mark Hamill: (stares back)
Space Ghost: I mean, hey, Zorak, who ya gonna call?
Zorak: I'm gonna call you an idiot.
Space Ghost: What!
Zorak: You heard me! Mouth breather!
("Star Wars" type music begins playing in background)
Voice: Trust in your feelings, Tad. Use the powerbands!
Space Ghost: (blast Zorak with destructo ray; music ends)
Space Ghost: (to Mark) Wouldn't be interested in a new career as a sidekick, would you?
Mark Hamill: Well, you know, I, uh, it beats Ed McMahon.
Space Ghost: I must warn you, you would be required to laugh at the outrageously hilarious antics of a talk show in outer space!
Mark Hamill: (in Ed McMahon voice) Ho ho ho ho, yes! (normal voice) I can do that.
Space Ghost: I like your attitude, Hamill. Come in Monday for paperwork.
Mark Hamill: (in Ed McMahon voice) Ho ho ho ho, yes!
Space Ghost: (laughs) Whoa, save some for the convention, buddy!
Mark Hamill: (in Ed McMahon voice) Ho ho ho ho, yes!
Space Ghost: (stares back)
Mark Hamill: (clears his throat)
Space Ghost: So, what do you do at these conventions? Do you, say, show how you ate breakfast on Tattooine? Is it Tattooine?
Mark Hamill: Oh, me eating cereal would be (makes slurping sounds through his hands)
Space Ghost: Hmmm, impressive.
Moltar: This is just sad.
(Monitor shows huge block of impossible to read but possibly French text)
Space Ghost: That's amazing, Mark. Would you bring your imaginary bowl of cereal to my convention?
Mark Hamill: That'd be great, if I'm, um, in your galaxy, I'll stop on by.
Space Ghost: Great! Then I'll see you at "Space Ghost Con '97".
Mark Hamill: Thank you so much for having me. (image fades from monitor)
Zorak: I don't know, he sounded iffy.
Space Ghost: That's not the Luke Skytopper I know!
Zorak: You don't know Luke Skywalker!
Space Ghost: Can you ever really know a man, Zorak? (syrupy music swells in background) I mean, sure, you can know what he does, where he lives, the way his hair smells in the morning after a brief rain... (music stops) Wait a second! I've got to buy supplies for (begin echo effect) "Space Ghost Con '97"! (end echo) (flies off to office supply store, enters by crashing through ceiling) What a selection! You don't have to be a superhero to appreciate these super-savings!
Moltar: (to Mark, on control room monitor) (impersonating James Earl Jones) "This is CNN."
Mark Hamill: (laughs)
Moltar: Oh, and, uh, "Luke, I am your father."
Mark Hamill: (laughs)
Moltar: Did you get to sign my helmet yet? Uh, "son"?
Mark Hamill: Yeah, I signed it.
Moltar: It was great having you at our "Sci-Fi Con", man.
Mark Hamill: Thanks so much.
Moltar: You're not, really going to "Space Ghost Con", are you?
Mark Hamill: No, no, no, I was, I was workin' and I have another job after this, actually.
Moltar: Good!
(Space Ghost is sitting behind his desk, which is piled high with assorted souvenir-type goodies and a sign)
Space Ghost: Greetings! The future of convention excitement awaits you at (begin echo effect) "Space Ghost Con '97"! (end echo)
Voice: ("Star Wars" type music begins playing in background) Use the phone, Tad!
Space Ghost: The phone lines are open to order your tickets to "Space Ghost Con '97"! Featuring me, Space Ghost! Call 1-800-555- (echo) SG97 (end echo) ##839-174982 extension 49. (preceding numbers also subtitled on screen) Call now, the lines are open, and I'm standing by. (taps cards impatiently)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Lines are open. (taps cards some more)
Voice: Tad, remind them about the free patch.
Space Ghost: First ten callers get a free patch.
Voice: And did you mention the balloons for the kids?
Space Ghost: (sighs) Balloons for the kids. (taps cards) "Space Ghost Con '97"! Whole lotta fun!
Voice: Tad, maybe mention the patch thing again.
Space Ghost: I just did!

GUEST STARSBill MumyMark Hamill
WRITERSRich DahmBen KarlinDan VebberAlan Laddie
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORGreg Partridge
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFORMTim Garber
EDIT ASSISTTim Schnack
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanGill AustinMaya McClure
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaJay EdwardsKellie RaifordBoba Fett
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 43 - "Mayonnaise"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:43
Title:Mayonnaise
Original Air Date:September 18, 1997
Guest Star:Jon Stewart

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(In the commissary)
Space Ghost: And then Grimlock the Toymaker came charging over the hill, with his evil hoard of Baby Drink 'n Wets.
Moltar: Uh huh...
Space Ghost: So I look at him, and I say, "You don't wanna mess with me, Grimlock! I'll use my heat ray!"
Moltar: "I'll use my heat ray"?
Space Ghost: Yeah, "I'll use my heat ray".
Moltar: (snickers)
Zorak: (snickers)
Space Ghost: What? What?
Zorak: You could've used a better line.
Moltar: Yeah!
Space Ghost: Really! Like what?
Moltar: Uh, well, something like, uh, "Don't toy with me, Toymaker!"
Zorak: Yeah. Or, "These babies need changing!" And then kick his butt!
Space Ghost: Oh, you mean something like, "It's time to pick up your toys, Toymaker. Your room is a mess! I mean, look at it."
Zorak: What kind of line is that?
Moltar: You wanna defeat him or kiss him?
Space Ghost: Wait, (laughs) here's a good one... (clears throat) "I'm going to lock you up, Grimlock!"
Moltar: Awwww, gee! (gets up and leaves)
Zorak: You're pathetic! (also gets up and leaves)
Space Ghost: Wait, where are you guys going? Hey, wait! Guys! I know I'm able to do this! How about, "Watch it, Toymaker! Someone's gonna trip on those babies one day, and fall down the steps! Then you'll feel bad! (pause) Toymaker!"
Zorak: (in distance) Idiot!
(Opening theme & titles, with voiceover)
Tansut: Hello, and how do, folks, this is Tansut, America's favorite intergalactic ne'er-do-well, welcoming you to "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". Tonight, Space Ghost yuks it up with funny man Jon Stewart. And who knows, maybe a certain green someone might get his butt blasted.
Zorak: "Butt blasted", huh? Well, take that, Tansut, (slap!) and that, (slap!) and that!
Tansut: (as Zorak hits him) Ooow! Oh! Ow, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I... I didn't mean it that way.
Zorak: Now keep reading, you're doing great! Back to the show!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost! Jon Stewart's here! Zorak is over there. (points in Zorak's direction) (long pause)
Zorak: (off camera) Is that it?
Space Ghost: Yes.
Moltar: (in control room) Jon, are you into aroma therapy? (monitor show Jon and text:)
I LEFT MY ITINERARY UNDERTHE DOG FOOD AT HOME
Jon Stewart: Yeah.
Moltar: Well, then let me introduce you to the exotic fragrances of East India.
Jon Stewart: (laughs) Sure!
Moltar: (throws lever; India music plays) Jon, picture a camel, if you will, traipsing across the desert sands. (alarms go off; he throws lever again) Uh, hold on. (throws lever several times, when he does, new text appears on the monitor, flashing on and off. The decompression reading is counting down by 10's and 5's)
DECOMPRESSION 100 OXYGENWARNING PELIGRO ACHTUNGSYSTEM ERROR PRESSURE DROP[NUCLEAR SYMBOL] LOW LEVEL [NUCLEAR SYMBOL]
Moltar: Jon, I accidentally unhooked your oxygen. Sorry.
Jon Stewart: Oh man... We're screwed!
Moltar: Don't panic!
Jon Stewart: What are we gonna do?
Moltar: Hold your breath for ten seconds.
Jon Stewart: Oh, just... (takes a deep breath and holds it)
Space Ghost: (in the studio, as monitor lowers with Jon) My guest tonight is a fellow talk show host, a fine comedian, and a good buddy of mine. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jon Stewart!
Jon Stewart: (still holding his breath; keels over, disappears from monitor)
Moltar: Jon? Hello...
Moltar: Jon, hang on. I'll revive you with my new electro-lever. (throws lever, a flash appears)
Jon Stewart: (sits back up) That was ten seconds?
Space Ghost: Great galaxies, man, are you on some kind of a bender?
Jon Stewart: (picks up microphone from floor, talks directly into it, very loud) Sorry. Sorry about that. (clips it back onto his shirt)
Space Ghost: Yyyour okay, right?
Jon Stewart: Yeah, there we go.
Space Ghost: (My word!)
Jon Stewart: There, that's fixed.
Space Ghost: (What is Hollywood doing to our children??)
Jon Stewart: You know, the physical gags never really work.
Space Ghost: Sure they do! (blasts Zorak)
Jon Stewart: Yeah, that's true. Aaaa, okay.
Zorak: (crisped) That didn't hurt.
Space Ghost: Thank you for being on our little show, citizen Jon!
Jon Stewart: Thank you, thank you for having me. I'm, I'm very excited to be here.
Space Ghost: You're a fellow talk show host, do you have any advice for me?
Jon Stewart: Always introduce yourself to the guests before the show. That way, you know, they'll know who's hostin' it.
Space Ghost: I'm hosting it! Space Ghost!
Jon Stewart: Well, I was thinkin' you'd come into my dressing room and introduce yourself.
Space Ghost: Oh.
Jon Stewart: But then I realized, we're on different planets, and it's really hard...
Space Ghost: I... my sister called.
Jon Stewart: But I was tryin' to do that, you walk up.
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Jon Stewart: And if you have Claudia Schiffert on, don't mention the word "cheese", because she freaks.
Space Ghost: Wow, that's good! Moltar, make a note of that!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Come on!
Moltar: I'm busy!
Space Ghost: I...
Moltar: No!
Space Ghost: (sighs) We'll make a note of it. Jon, do you have problems with side kicks?
Jon Stewart: No.
Space Ghost: Really? How come?
Jon Stewart: Can't afford one.
Space Ghost: (chuckling) Just capture one! Right, Zorak?
Zorak: Side kicks are good at kicking.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: May I kick you, Jon?
Jon Stewart: Are you serious?
Space Ghost: Zorak, settle down!
Zorak: I'll kick your kidneys out, and then make a pie with 'em.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Serve it to ya while you're still alive!
Space Ghost: You're not makin' a pie, and that's that!
Zorak: (quietly) That's what I'll do.
Space Ghost: Where were we? ... Sidekicks! What do you think they should do on a show?
Jon Stewart: The sidekick is there to, seriously, to pipe down and not say anything.
Space Ghost: I like that! Moltar, make a note of that!
Moltar: (throws levers constantly) Uh, (makes "static" sound effect with his voice) I can't hear you, I ("static") breakin' up ("static")
Space Ghost: Quit it, you're doing that with your mouth.
Moltar: What, what's that? ("static") Can't hear you. ("static") (the following messages flash across the top of his screen:)
CUEING BUMPER
(followed by:)
ROLLING BUMPER
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
Moltar: Okay, we're clear for two. Anybody need anything? (monitor shows text:)
COMMERCIALPOSITION 12:00.0
(The time immediately begins counting down, and remains on Moltar's monitor until the break.)
Zorak: I'd like some water, please.
Space Ghost: (quietly) That was some funny stuff. Loved the kidney thing.
Zorak: Yeah, well, I wasn't kiddin' about that.
Jon Stewart: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Yeah, well, that Zorak, he's, he's pretty funny when he gets all worked up.
Jon Stewart: Just keep on keepin' on, you're doin' a great job. Love the work.
Zorak: Who asked you?
Moltar: Minute twenty. You need anything, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Do I have time for a hot pastrami?
Moltar: Minute ten. I kinda doubt it.
Space Ghost: See what you can do.
Jon Stewart: Do you like a good pastrami sandwich?
Space Ghost: Oh, boy, man, do I.
Moltar: Minute to go.
Jon Stewart: What do you have on it?
Space Ghost: Oh, just a little mayon-, I mean, mustard.
Jon Stewart: You almost said mayonnaise, Space Ghost...
Moltar: Forty-five seconds.
Jon Stewart: ... you almost said mayonnaise on pastrami, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: No I didn't, I said mustard.
Jon Stewart: (shakes his head) Oh, Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: I said mustard.
Moltar: Thirty seconds.
Jon Stewart: I'm sorry, I missed that.
Space Ghost: Well, mustard is what I said.
Jon Stewart: Really?
Moltar: Twenty seconds.
Space Ghost: You're calling me a liar, aren't you, Stewart?
Jon Stewart: Maybe.
Space Ghost: (stares back silently)
Moltar: Fifteen.
Space Ghost: (stares back silently)
Moltar: Ten seconds. Get ready.
Space Ghost: (stares back silently)
Moltar: Five. Four. Three. Two.
Space Ghost: (yells) Am I gonna get that sandwich or no-
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: We're back with close personal friend and talk show compadre Jon Stewart!
Jon Stewart: I wanted to, you know, like I feel stupid about this...
Space Ghost: Mmm hmm.
Jon Stewart: ... just get some advice on, like, you know, talk shows and stuff. I mean, you're the man.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! Now you want advice from me?
Jon Stewart: Absolutely, I'm lookin' for advice from you. Big man, leotards, musk. Sure!
Space Ghost: Hear that, Moltar? I've got musk!
Moltar: You don't have musk!
Space Ghost: I sure do! Manly space musk!
Moltar: You smell like a farm! (monitor shows text:)
PUT DOWN THE PHONEAND DRIVE
Space Ghost: (pause) You should stay in touch, Jon. We may have a vacancy in the control room very soon.
Jon Stewart: Look, I'm not desperate, I'm just, yeah, you know, I mean... you throw me a bone. You know what I'm sayin'?
Space Ghost: Sure.
Jon Stewart: I don't eat much.
Space Ghost: Bones are cheap.
Jon Stewart: I would just hang very quietly, I'd write for ya, I'd do whatever, sweep up.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Jon Stewart: I just need experience.
Space Ghost: By cracky, I'll start you at courtesy clerk. Can you clean up the spill on aisle nine?
Jon Stewart: I hope. There's room for advancement, right?
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah. Head courtesy clerk, then cashier.
Jon Stewart: It's up to you guys, use me as you wish. I'd join the band, I got like kind of a tambourine situation happenin'...
Zorak: Tambourine? Feh!
Sorcerer: (with Russian accent) Tambourine, phooey!
Space Ghost: When did you start talkin'?
Sorcerer: Just this minute, big boy.
Space Ghost: Huh. Weird.
Sorcerer: You need a shave!
Space Ghost: Who, me?
Sorcerer: No, Jonny boy.
Space Ghost: Stay out of it!
Jon Stewart: I had a beard.
Space Ghost: But you don't now.
Jon Stewart: No. I'll tell you what, you want to know why talk show hosts don't have beards?
Space Ghost: Tell me!
Jon Stewart: 'Cause Mike Douglas won't let us.
Space Ghost: Really? And just who is this Mike Douglas?
Jon Stewart: He's in charge of all the talk show hosts. He calls, and if you have, I had a, I had a, a facial hair...
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Jon Stewart: ... and I, I was forced to shave it.
Space Ghost: So, Mike Douglas is a stickler for facial hair.
Jon Stewart: Does he write you too?
Space Ghost: (angry) No, he doesn't!
Jon Stewart: You know the advice that I have for you, and this is something that Mike Douglas told me.
Space Ghost: Wait, let me guess: work extra hard when your guests have hang-overs?
Jon Stewart: Always open with a number.
Space Ghost: Huh.
Jon Stewart: People love it.
Space Ghost: Zorak? Eh, number? What do you think?
Zorak: (sighs) Yeah, okay. (starts playing piano intro, other instruments join in)
Jon Stewart: Just come out, pow, pow! Hit 'em with something from "Kismet", "Oklahoma", they go crazy!
Space Ghost: Mike Douglas is a bona fide genius!
Jon Stewart: Then you bring out, I don't know, Susanne Pleshette, and the whole thing takes off.
Space Ghost: I am seeing things for the first time!
Jon Stewart: I'm here to help, I'm here. I'm tellin' you, if we get together, Space Ghost, we can make a big thing.
Space Ghost: Mmm hmm.
Jon Stewart: I have a little thing, you have a bigger thing, but together, we could take...
Space Ghost: (with a "lounge" voice) Everything down a notch, Jon? Because I'd really like to take everything down a notch, if I may. You know, there's a lot of beautiful people here tonight. I see some beautiful people here. (points to one side) And right here. (points to other side) Hi! But you know, life as a superhero, ladies and gentlemen, can be... stressful. I've flown all over the galaxy, but I always come back to a special place. In my heart. It's a place called... home.
Jon Stewart: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (with Irish accent) This one's for me mum. (invisos to center stage, with spotlight, and begins to sing)
It seems like only yesterday,I sailed from out of Cork.A wanderer from old Erin's Isle,I landed in New York.
There wasn't a soul to greet me there,A stranger on your shore.But Irish luck was with me here,And riches came galore.
And now I'm going back againTo dear old Erin's Isle.My friends will meet me on the pierAnd greet me with a smile.
Their faces I've almost forgot,I've been so long away.But me mother will introduce them all,And this to me she'll say.
(Credits begin to roll)
Shake hands with your Uncle Mike, me boy,And here's your sister Kate.And there's the girl you used to swingDown by the garden gate.
Shake hands with all of the neighbors,And kiss the colleens all,You're as welcome as the flowers in MayIn dear old Donegal.
Meet...
Jon Stewart: Oh man... We're screwed!
Tansut: (being slapped) Oh! I'm sorry!

GUEST STARJon Stewart
WRITERAndy Merrill
EDITORSJay EdwardsKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon KennedyAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
AUDIO EDITORGreg Partridge
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFORMTim Garber
EDIT ASSISTTim SchnackCindy Sue Aber
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClure
TALENTCOORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'SMALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaCNNMike DouglasSony Music
SPECIAL THANKSBranniganFanniganMilliganGilliganDuffeyMacCuffeyMallochyMalone
SPECIAL THANKSRaffertyLaffertyDonnellyConnellyDooleyO'HooleyMuldoonyMahone
SPECIAL THANKSHadiganCadiganLannihanFlannihanFaganO'HaganO'HoulihanFlynn
SPECIAL THANKSShannahanMannahanFogartyHogartyKelleyO'KelleyMacGuinessMagin
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 44 - "Brilliant Number One"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:44
Title:Brilliant Number One
Original Air Date:September 25, 1997
Guest Stars:Peter Fonda, Buzz Aldrin

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak in the commissary; SG squeaks his fingers on his coffee mug)
Space Ghost: (putting his head down) Idiot.
Moltar: (clears his throat)
Space Ghost: (laughs to himself)
(Screen squishes down to letter-box format, and fades to black & white; Rammstein's "Heirate mich" swells in background)
Moltar: Hello?
Zorak: (slurps his coffee, over German background lyrics)
Space Ghost: DANNYYYYYYY!
Zorak: (stares back wide-eyed)
Space Ghost: Danny boyyyyyy!
Moltar: (laughs quietly)
Space Ghost: (in belch voice) Zorak doesn't have a work ethic.
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, it's great.
Zorak: (stares back with big anime eyes)
Space Ghost: I'm not gonna hurt yah.
Moltar: Freak.
Zorak: (still with anime eyes, a tear rolls down his cheek)
(Rammstein's "Wollt ihr das Bett in Flammen sehen?" is used as the opening theme)
Ihr wollt doch auch den Dolch ins Laken steckenIhr wollt doch auch das Blut vom Degen leckenRammstein!Rammstein,Rammstein,Rammstein,Rammstein!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost. On my show tonight, Ted Turner's brother-in-law, Peter Fonda. Uh, he had a mother whose aunt knew the singing gorilla man?
Zorak: (nods)
(Studio hum is replaced by droning sound)
Space Ghost: Are you guys like hearing a weird rumble?
William Shakespeare: Her tongue will not obey her heart, nor can
Zorak: (shakes his head)
Space Ghost: Technical problems? Everything... fine.
Zorak: BAM!
Space Ghost: Aaagh!! (falls down) Ow!
Zorak: Yeah! Gotcha!
Space Ghost: (lying on floor) No you didn't. (stands up) This is the work of... The Polisher. Dun dun da dun! Dun dun da dun!
Zorak: Eh, I beg your pardon?
Space Ghost: You know, The Polisher. He polishes things until they're slippery and, and makes ya fall an' stuff.
William Shakespeare: her heart inform her tongue; the swan's-down feather
Zorak: Uh... huh. (rolls his eyes back)
Space Ghost: (studio floor sparkles) Hey, look at the shine.
Zorak: (stares back)
Space Ghost: (his reflection, with strange eyes) Oooh, Daddy wants a shine too, doesn't he, wittle Woobie? (breathing heavy) The shine, the shine, no, no, no, no, ye-, aaaaagh! (hits himself in the face with his hand) Aaaah!
William Shakespeare: That stands upon the swell at the full of tide.
Zorak: BAM!
Space Ghost: (hits himself again) Ohh!
Zorak: BAM!
Space Ghost: (hits himself again) Mmmph!
Zorak: BAM!
Moltar: Hey, Woobie, when you're done smackin' yourself, the guest is ready. (monitor shows text:)
1Index:PARANOIA 559, 590
Space Ghost: (hand still over his face) Can't you see I'm in peril?
Moltar: Heh... No!
Space Ghost: (Hmmm, I fear the Subliminator has taken control of Moltar's mind.)
Zorak: Aaaaghhh! (starts vibrating back and forth rapidly)
William Shakespeare: And neither way inclines.
Space Ghost: Zorak! You are being consumed by... Vibratronica! (instrumental rock music, with drag racing commercial announcer voice) Sunday! Sunday! See Vibratronica set fire to the stands and burn a hole of effigy through the walls. (normal voice) I'll save you! (blasts Zorak with destructo ray)
William Shakespeare: II
Zorak: (crisped) (coughs) Thanks a lot! I was just doin' a jig.
Space Ghost: That's just what she wants you to think. (slides back to his desk)
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (writing at his desk) (Those were close calls, why are my old enemies coming back to taunt me? Why today? Why now? Why? Why? Why?) (holding his head in his hand) (gnashes his teeth) What's your name?
William Shakespeare: But as I travailed hinder through the land.
Peter Fonda: Peter.
Space Ghost: Peter what?
Peter Fonda: Sometimes Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, Mummy's little Petey Boy, not very many times...
William Shakespeare: I find the people strangely fantasied.
Space Ghost: Oh-kay, hotshot...
Peter Fonda: Sir?
Space Ghost: What's your real name.
Peter Fonda: Peter Fonda.
Space Ghost: (reading his index card) Ahem! Ted's brother-in-law.
Peter Fonda: Hee hee hee.
Space Ghost: Y'know what? You've got it goin' on.
William Shakespeare: Possessed with rumors, full of idle dreams,
Peter Fonda: What's that you got? Check... booger, is that a booger?
Zorak: I have a booger? Where?
Peter Fonda: (pointing to his nose) Have I got a booger?
Zorak: Eh, where the heck would I have a booger?
Peter Fonda: You see this, Moltar, is it, am I cool? (keeps talking in background, monitor shows text:)
2Index:S? -Brain Studies 140-143, 146
Moltar: Hey, you gonna get me in trouble.
Zorak: I just don't get it.
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: I don't have boogers! Hey! Where's the booger?
William Shakespeare: Not knowing what they fear, but full of fear.
Space Ghost: Stop saying "boogers"!
Zorak: (in background) Ah, poop!
Peter Fonda: I'm sorry, Ghost Man...
Space Ghost: That's fine.
Peter Fonda: I didn't mean to...
Space Ghost: That's, that's nice.
Peter Fonda: (pointing to Zorak) You know, they eat their...
Zorak: Shut up!
Peter Fonda: Well, (makes mantis hand gesture) to you too!
Zorak: Hey, buddy, what's wrong with your arms?
William Shakespeare: III
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Zorak, please.
Zorak: You're freakin' me out!
Space Ghost: (in low voice) This is Ted's uncle-in-law! (normal voice, to Peter) What're you doin' here?
Peter Fonda: I'm, I'm just warmin' up, you know, I'm doin' my thing...
Space Ghost: Yeah yeah yeah.
Peter Fonda: Could we get a graphic artist out here just to draw a couple of eyes on Space Ghost?
(Hand with pencil appears on screen, draws two tiny off-center pupils on Space Ghost)
William Shakespeare: Momentary as a sound,
Space Ghost: Ow! Ow, my eye. (pupils start moving around strangely) Hey, I can't see anything! (Now I'll never again experience the beauties of the universe.)
Zorak: Draw him with huge buttocks!
(Shot of Space Ghost standing; hand with pencil returns & gives him huge buttocks)
Space Ghost: (What is he talking about?) (looks at his back side) Oh, for Pete's sake!
William Shakespeare: Swift as a shadow, short as any dream,
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: (returns to desk and sits down) Ohhh!
Zorak: Hey... Hey, how's your buttocks?
Space Ghost: (glares back silently)
Zorak: Hey! I'm talkin' to you!
Space Ghost: You're evil.
Zorak: (laughs)
Peter Fonda: Every time I look at him, he's doing this (makes mantis hand gesture) at me, and it gets me very nervous, you know, I don't like this, I want him to sit down, shut up...
William Shakespeare: Brief as the lightning in the collied night,
Zorak: (laughs)
Peter Fonda: Would you.. stand.. still? We're working here!
Space Ghost: Aaaaghhhh! My foot's asleep! (flies through ceiling) (in background) Come on, foot, come on! Ow! Come on, foot.
William Shakespeare: That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth,
Zorak: (takes out laser rifle, cocks it)
Peter Fonda: Watch it.
Space Ghost: (gunshot) (something something) it wasn't a microphone.
Peter Fonda: Well, I know what it's like to be dead. You know...
Zorak: Who put that junk in your head!?
Peter Fonda: Who, who put all that stuff in my head? (Space Ghost bounds back to his desk) Are you kidding me?
Zorak: Answer the question!
Peter Fonda: You know, you're making me feel like I haven't been born.
Space Ghost: Uh, Moltar, do you know what they are?
William Shakespeare: And ere a man hath power to say "Behold!"
Moltar: Shhhhh! Not now!
Peter Fonda: (laughs) Well, she said, "I know what it's like to be dead." And I said "Well, who put all that stuff in your head, you know, you're makin' me feel like I've never been born."
Space Ghost: Moltar, I'd like to get some coffee.
Moltar: Can this wait?
Peter Fonda: You see, when I was a boy, and everything's riiiight, my parents would start telling, "Why don't you act like a grown-up?"
William Shakespeare: The jaws of darkness do devour it up:
Space Ghost: (looking like Dr. Katz, writing as he talks) What does this tell us about your childhood?
Peter Fonda: I learned that the best way to keep my parents off my back, is to act like a grown-up. But I've been eight for fifty-six years.
Moltar: (at Space Ghost's desk) (slam!) Here's your stinkin' coffee! (walks off)
Space Ghost: What's your problem?
Moltar: Get off my back!
William Shakespeare: So quick bright things come to confusion.
Space Ghost: Oh, thanks... Crabbatron! Now, that's... (splash!) AAaaaaaahhhhh!
Peter Fonda: Yikes!
Space Ghost: (with coffee spill on his desk) Oh, man! Spiller, you weasel! Aaaahh! (falls down, off-camera) Confound you, Polisher!
Zorak: (off-camera) How's your butt?
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Peter Fonda: Nowadays, space is here, time is now, you know... it's all, alright, now I understand the mantis guy, but who's the guy in the ant suit?
William Shakespeare: IV
Moltar: "Ant suit"?
Space Ghost: (Wait a minute...)
Peter Fonda: I looked at him to try to see who he really was, he's 168 years old, I don't wanna touch him, man, I can't get in there.
William Shakespeare: Desiring this man's art, and that man's scope,
Space Ghost: (I've heard all this before...)
Peter Fonda: But I make your arms do that stuff, you know, that (does arm curls) "one, two, three, fun, breathe, two, three"...
Moltar: What's he talkin' about? (monitor shows text:)
4Index:Tryptophan 152
Space Ghost: (How could I be so stupid?)
Peter Fonda: There's mites all around me, Ghost Man, get rid of them!
William Shakespeare: Whith what I most enjoy contented least.
Space Ghost: (Mites.)
Moltar: Mites? Ewww!
Peter Fonda: Because the bees, in fact, the bees are being absolutely decimated by... lice. Mites!
Space Ghost: (That's right, keep talking. Come on, come to Daddy.)
Peter Fonda: Moltar, get the lava. (monitor shows text:)
5Index:Aversion Conditioning 602
William Shakespeare: V
Moltar: Uh uh.
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Space Ghost: Don't get the lava.
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Moltar: How about I forget it.
Space Ghost: We don't need the lava, do we, Peter?
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Space Ghost: 'Cause you're not Peter...
Peter Fonda: What the hey...
Space Ghost: Are ya, Peter? (aims his power band)
William Shakespeare: My heart is heavy and mine age is weak;
Peter Fonda: Odin!
Space Ghost: Confusatronnnnnnnnnnn! (blasts Peter off the monitor) (laughs)
Zorak: That's a, that's nice work, chump!
Space Ghost: Say what?
Zorak: You know that was Ted's brother-in-law, you just blew away!
William Shakespeare: Grief would have tears, and sorrow bids me speak.
Space Ghost: You're so naive.
Moltar: Naïve.
Space Ghost: Enemies all around us, and you can't see them?!
Zorak: Eh...
Space Ghost: I'd hate to see what The Lobotomist would do with such a naive mind like yours.
Zorak: Okay.
Moltar: It's "naïve"! (monitor shows:)
6Index:Lie Detection 340-365
William Shakespeare: VI
Space Ghost: What about it?
Moltar: (groans)
Space Ghost: Okay, what's next?
Moltar: Uh... Buzz.
Space Ghost: Are... you sure it's Buzz?
Moltar: You Buzz?
Buzz Aldrin: (in lower right corner of Moltar's monitor) Yes, I believe I am.
Moltar: It's Buzz!
Space Ghost: (quietly) Send him in.
Buzz Aldrin: (appears on studio monitor) Greetings!
William Shakespeare: I tell my sorrow to the stones,
Space Ghost: (long pause) So, why should I talk to you?
Buzz Aldrin: Uh, well, a number of years ago, I flew in space. And, uh, we landed on the moon, 27 years ago.
William Shakespeare: VII
Zorak: (mocking) The moon?! Did you wear a spacesuit?
Buzz Aldrin: A praying mantis.
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, tell us about the spacesuit.
Buzz Aldrin: Okay, it's rather bulky, there are layers and layers of, uh, material that, uh, you know, protect us from small meteorites. (monitor shows Buzz, with text:)
8Index:Agoraphobia 563, 618
William Shakespeare: Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow
Zorak: Ooooh, no!!
Moltar: Oooh, don't let the meteorites get me, Zorak!
Zorak: I'll protect ya, buddy!
Space Ghost: So, "Buzz", if that's your real name...
Buzz Aldrin: Uh, my sisters started calling me Buzz when I was very young...
William Shakespeare: Creeps in this petty pace from day to day.
Space Ghost: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've spent a lot of time in space, and I've never seen you!
Buzz Aldrin: Well, have you been looking? Because I was looking for you, I didn't see you either.
Space Ghost: I bet you were looking real hard, weren't ya? (belch-like voice) Weren't ya, Buzz?
William Shakespeare: To the last syllable of recorded time;
Buzz Aldrin: Oh, you bet.
Space Ghost: Did you ever look on the Ghost Planet? Where I live!
Buzz Aldrin: Ghost Planet, I don't believe I have, what's it like?
Zorak: (off-camera) It's no Moon.
Space Ghost: Oh, he knows what it's like. Don't ya, "Buzz"?
William Shakespeare: All our yesterdays have lighted fools
Buzz Aldrin: Is, is it squishy, or is it, uh, springy?
Space Ghost: That's right, play dumb!
Buzz Aldrin: Or maybe it's a little smokey or hazy or... frothy?
Space Ghost: Come on, Aldrin! I'm smarter than that!
Buzz Aldrin: Well, that's obvious.
William Shakespeare: The way to dusty death. Out, out brief candle!
Space Ghost: Owww!
Moltar: Now what? (monitor shows:)
10Index:Representational ????sight 486
Space Ghost: Oh, nothing. Just another villain!
Buzz Aldrin: Villains, oh.
Space Ghost: It's been happening all night. They're ruthless.
Buzz Aldrin: Uh huh. (tsk) Well, they're not ruthless, they're, uh, they're in many ways lovable, and they're, they're understandable.
William Shakespeare: Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player
Space Ghost: Buzz, there's nothing lovable about the evil Confusatron.
Buzz Aldrin: (chuckles) No.
Space Ghost: He's in my brain. I can feel his baffling presence.
William Shakespeare: That struts and frets his hour upon the stage
Buzz Aldrin: Oh. How can he do that?
Space Ghost: I don't know, but he's there. Riiight now.
Buzz Aldrin: How can he get inside your brain?
Space Ghost: You tell me, Aldrin. Or should I say... Confusatron! (blasts Buzz off the monitor with his destructo ray)
Buzz Aldrin: (moans)
William Shakespeare: And then is heard no more. It is a tale
Zorak: So, there were two Confusatrons.
Space Ghost: Obviously.
Zorak: Riiight!
Moltar: Well, you just blasted the beloved American space hero Buzz Aldrin.
William Shakespeare: Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury
Space Ghost: Yes sir. (monitor shows Space Ghost, with text:)
11Index:Neuromodulators 136, 153
Moltar: That's it, I've had it! You're wacked!
Zorak: Yeah!
Moltar: You've been clumsy and paranoid all night, and instead of owning up to it like a man... (monitor shows text:)
13THE END IS NEAR
Zorak: BAM! You made up an enemy!
William Shakespeare: Signifying nothing.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Yeah, you're right. All those things were my own fault. Or were they? Impostinators!
Moltar: That's it. I'm gone! (walks out of control room)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: That's right, run away, you Pretendinators!
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, yeah, tell me another story. (voice trails off)
Space Ghost: That's right, run to Momma!
Zorak: Yeah, yeah, hey, how's your butt?
Space Ghost: You want some of this, Zorak?! Or should I say, Improvimantitron?
Moltar: Whatever.
Space Ghost: Yoolooloolooloolooloolooloolooloolooloo... (repeats during remainder of credits)
Voice: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Yoolooloolooloolooloolooloolooloolooloo... (crack!) ... I don't know...

GUEST STARSPeter FondaBuzz Aldrin
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroMichael CahillAlan Laddie
EDITORMichael Cahill
ON-LINE EDITORSJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICRammstein
Read Shakespeare
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. StandquestLes HarperStephanie Gladden
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury Ingram
EDIT ASSISTSMatt LindPaul Wilson
MEMBER SINCE 1973Kaili Rubin
GREEDY DUCK SQUEEZERVishal Roney
MIKE LAZZOIsabel Gonzalez
STUNT PLAYERSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
THANKSJay EdwardsGreg HarrisonBill WilnerAmy LovettBean
Support The March of Dimes
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ANGEL OF THE MORNINGJim Fortier
AVERAGE AMERICANPete Smith
HOOTIE ANN DEBLOUFICHÉAndy Merrill
KING FANCYChip Duffey
PUPPETSMatt Harrigan
SUPERVISING PRODUCERSMichael Harriet LazzoMichael Patricia Cahill
ALAN SMITHEEKeith Crofford
HAWKMOON 269Dave Willis

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 45 - "BooBooKitty"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:45
Title:BooBooKitty
Original Air Date:October 2, 1997
Guest Stars:Michael McKean, David Lander

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: Say, what was that noise last night?
Zorak: Oh, that was my hive. It exploded.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Zorak: I was microwavin' this big freakin'...
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: My horse?!
Zorak: No!
Space Ghost: Better not be!
Zorak: So... can I sleep on your couch?
Space Ghost: Sure you can! We'll be roomies! (spraying sound in background) I've got a case of Bosco and some milk, we'll make cheese dogs. Hey, I just picked up the Godfather trilogy. Finally, company! Alri-  (sniffs)
Moltar: Oh!
Space Ghost: What's that stench?
Zorak: I'm markin' my territory! Get used to it!
(Opening theme & titles)
Tansut: Hello everybody, la de da! This is Tansut, tonight...
Space Ghost: Tansut, you're fired.
Tansut: Oh, really?
Space Ghost: Have your locker cleaned out by five.
Tansut: (quavering voice) I won't cry. If you're wanting to see me cry, you can save your breath, because I'm not going to cry. (starts crying) Oh, what will become of me? (cries some more)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) (stares at Zorak)
Zorak: What?!
Space Ghost: You know what, mister. I found my toothbrush marinating in the toilet this morning.
Zorak: Yeah, I rinsed it.
Space Ghost: I'm not runnin' a flophouse for degenerate bugs.
Zorak: Never judge a bug by its shell.
Space Ghost: What you see is what you get.
Zorak: Act in haste, repent in leisure.
Space Ghost: He who hesitates is lost.
Zorak: Help me, Obi-wan, you're my only hope.
Space Ghost: A little song, a little dance, a little seltzer down your pants.
Zorak: Ih... I don't know...
Space Ghost: What did I say, now, wait a minute...
Zorak: Moltar?
Moltar: (looking at a book) Uhhh, sorry, Space Ghost, no good.
Zorak: Ka-ching! I am the quote-master!
Space Ghost: I'm the quotemaster!
Zorak: I am!
Space Ghost: I am!
Zorak: Eggs and ham!
Space Ghost: Waffle!
Moltar: (as Space Ghost and Zorak argue in the background) Stand by, McKean, roommate quarrel.
Michael McKean: Oh, okay.
Moltar: Yeah, I had a roommate once. Until I boiled him in his own juices. It's a side of me nobody understands.
Zorak: Grits!
Space Ghost: Bacon and grits!
Zorak: Cheese toast!
Space Ghost: Fortified milk!
Zorak: Donkey Kong!
Space Ghost: Nope, I win.
Moltar: (looking at book again) Wait a minute...
Space Ghost: Overruled. I am the undisputed breakfast-master. Okay! So let's welcome Michael McKean, because he's my first guest.
Michael McKean: (monitor lowers from ceiling) Thank you, Space Ghost, this is a great honor.
Space Ghost: Blather on about yourself.
Michael McKean: Oh, my name is Michael McKean, I, I'm an Earth actor, um, specifically a United States Earth actor, and more specifically, uh, I'm in the Comedy Ghetto.
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) Which is about where you're headed, Banjo Brown.
Zorak: (stares back silently)
Space Ghost: (quietly) I don't even know what that means. Do you, Michael?
Michael McKean: No, it's, it's just wonderful to be here, I've never...
Space Ghost: That's nice. Do you know that living with Zorak is like living in a living nightmare?
(Screen morphs to Space Ghost's apartment, with harp music)
Zorak: Paint my toenails! Get me a milk and Pepsi! Fetch my ointment!
Space Ghost: Living with you is like living in a living nightmare!
(Screen morphs back to studio, with harp music)
Space Ghost: See that?
Michael McKean: (looks back silently)
Space Ghost: McKean?
Michael McKean: (sticks tongue out at Zorak)
Space Ghost: Hey, what are you doin'?
Michael McKean: You'll have to excuse me, I'm feeling waves of pure evil coming from Zarak, is that me?
Zorak: "Zarak"?
Space Ghost: Eh, hold on. Is it Zorak or Zerak or Zorak? Moltar?
Moltar: (looking through a book again) Uhhh..... yeah. Sure.
Michael McKean: (laughs) Thank you, Moltar. (monitor shows McKean and text:)
SAT 13120oONE LOUDERIncoming [numbers]
Zorak: Space Ghost, look! (dramatic sting music)
Space Ghost: Aaaah!
Michael McKean: Ooooh! (bites his palm)
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Nothin'. I just wanted you to look at me.
Space Ghost: Just ignore him. Zorak was just born for fun, loyal to none.
Michael McKean: He doesn't look happy.
Michael McKean: Yeah, see what I mean?
Space Ghost: Tell me about it!
(Screen morphs to Space Ghost's apartment again, with harp music)
Space Ghost: Have you seen my BooBooKitty?
Zorak: Yeah, I saw her when I let her out.
Space Ghost: You let her out?! When?!?
Zorak: Um... yesterday. Now fix me a sandwich! I'm drying my skull.
Space Ghost: Living with you is like living in a living nightmare!
Zorak: And do my other foot!
(Screen morphs back to studio, with harp music)
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Where is she?
Zorak: You'll never know! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: Who knows where my BooBooKitty is? Do you know, McKean?
Michael McKean: I'd go right to the girl's locker room.
Moltar: Hey! (monitor shows text:)
SAT 3976o WSHLAMEAL SHLAMHOPPS AND PEPPER
Michael McKean: Did I let something slip?
Zorak: (perturbed) Great! Thanks a lot, McKean!
Michael McKean: Oh boy! (puts hand over his mouth) Me and my big mouth!
Space Ghost: So! BooBooKitty's in the girl's locker room, huh?
Zorak: Yeah. Go get it.
Space Ghost: (looks at Zorak) I'm coming, BooBooKitty! (flies off)
Zorak: (laughs) Good one, McKean!
Michael McKean: Thank you.
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah!
Space Ghost: (bounds back to desk) We don't have girls up here! Where's my BooBooKitty, you villainous headborne claphole?
Zorak: (laughing) She's gone! Gone for good!
Space Ghost: But why? I gave her everything she ever needed.
Zorak: Everything but love! She hated you! And that's why I set her free.
Space Ghost: Nooooooooooooooooo!!! (distraught, puts hand over face) BooBoo! BooBooKitty! I didn't love you enough! I must now lash out at everyone around me! Feel my anger! (blasts Zorak with powerbands) (blasts Moltar) (blasts Michael) (blasts Zorak again) (blasts Moltar again) (blasts Zorak again)
David Lander: (appears on monitor, talks in Squiggy voice) Hello, I just wanna say that I really like being here, out in the outer... in outer space areas of this place. And, uh, it's like, it's like so, it's so real it's like bein' in a movie.
Space Ghost: (stares back silently)
Zorak: (stares back silently)
Moltar: (lies on his back silently)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
(Shot of Ghost Planet Industries building from outside; an ominous shadow approaches the building, with cat ears on top, dramatic music plays)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: (still laughing)
Zorak: (still laughing)
Moltar: (still laughing)
David Lander: (still in Squiggy voice) I feel like everything here is trick photograpy
Space Ghost: Hey, that sounds like, uh, like that guy, that guy, with the show, the show where, where the guy talked like, it's...
Zorak: Like, um, that guy, from, uh, it's... it's Balki, from TV's "Perfect Strangers".
Moltar: No, it's not, it's Angie Dickinson. You know, Pepper, TV's "Police Woman". (monitor shows text:)
ONE LOUDER. 11 ALWAYS 11.
Space Ghost: Boy, Angie, you've really let yourself go. (Wait a minute! Angie Dickinson was a statuesque blonde!) Who are you!?
David Lander: Hello, I'm Freddy Herbie. You know me, "I thought they was prunes!"
Space Ghost: They weren't prunes? What the heck were they? (pause) And now I'm having a new thought. One. One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. (sings quietly) BooBoo, you're a fine cat, what a good wife you would be. Ohhh!! (puts hand over face)
(Shot of Ghost Planet Industries building from outside, with dramatic music. BooBooKitty floats by)
Zorak: Hey, you're outta toilet paper!
Space Ghost: Oh, Zorak, that reminds me, you're no longer my new roommate.
Zorak: That's fine. You're outta Tang anyway. (sprays again)
Space Ghost: Ugghh!
David Lander: Ooof, goodness! Tacos, huh?
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost! Your beef logs are here. (monitor shows text:)
CAM 02INCOMING SHIPMENT400 BEEF LOGS
Space Ghost: Just stack them on the dock, Moltar. Lincoln log style, like I showed ya.
Moltar: (sighs) Let me get my lumbar harness. (walks off)
Space Ghost: I love beef logs, don't you?
David Lander: Oh boy, do I. I'll tell ya, I really do.
Space Ghost: Didja ever weigh yourself, then eat a whole beef log, then weigh yourself again?
David Lander: Mmm, oh please, I'm hungry, and you're tellin' me beef log, oh, that's great.
Space Ghost: (quietly) BooBooKitty and I used to do that.
David Lander: You ever throw one on the fire just to keep warm?
Space Ghost: Didja ever make a baby with one? A beef log baby? You ever take 'em and make a little village full of beef log babies, and then they all rise up against you and try to kill your head?
David Lander: (long pause) Um, no.
Space Ghost: That's when I have to lie down. That reminds me of a joke!
David Lander: Okay, go ahead and tell me one.
Space Ghost: There's this guy, see, he's from Alabama. And he gets busted for tryin' to smuggle books, into Kentucky!
David Lander: (pauses, then nods) That's good, it has some... I guess it loses something in the, the translation, you know.
Space Ghost: Did I mention that the guy from Alabama was my mother-in-law? (laughs) Hey, good night, everybody.
David Lander: You might wanna, the next time you tell a joke, you might wanna say "And now the joke is over," and then the person can laugh, 'cause I think that's, that helps so much.
Zorak: I know a guy who had two noses.
Moltar: How does he smell?
Zorak: Awful! (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) That's right, he smells awful! (laughs)
Zorak: And now the joke's over. (Moltar keeps laughing)
Space Ghost: I like those glasses you have.
David Lander: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Yeah, there's really nothing that I don't like about you. Freddy, will you be my new roommate?
David Lander: That's the main reason I'm on the show.
Space Ghost: Really? Oh boy! Hey, you wanna put on some pressure suits and go outside and see my interplanetary monument to the safety pin? (dramatic music, BooBooKitty floats by outside the studio window, Space Ghost doesn't notice) I just erected it.
(BooBooKitty floats toward giant open safety pin outside, dramatic music)
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost, look out the window.
Space Ghost: (sees BooBooKitty floating by) Well, BooBooKitty! Come crawlin' back to Daddy, huh?
Moltar: Isn't she drifting precariously close to your big pin?
Space Ghost: (gasps) Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo...
(BooBooKitty drifts closer to pin)
Space Ghost: ...ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo... (takes a breath) Nooooooooooooooooooooo...
(BooBooKitty drifts closer and closer, finally connects with business end of safety pin, punctures & spins off out of control)
Space Ghost: I warned Christo, I told him we needed a rubber safety tip! (as BooBooKitty jets by outside the window)
Zorak: (stares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: What, you guys saw me, there's nothin' I could have done.
Zorak: You could have gone out there and saved her.
Moltar: Yeah, I mean, it would only have taken a second to move her out of the way.
Zorak: Yeah, it's not like she was heavy or anything.
Moltar: I think you wanted her to die.
Space Ghost: Well, I guess we'll never know, 'cause now I have a new pet! And he's the best and most favorite pet I've ever had! Billy the porpoise! See you back at the ranch, roomie! It's pizza night! (flies off)
David Lander: Yeah, where do you guys go to eat?
Zorak: Rock 'n Bowl, pizza in a cup. It's good.
(Cowboy music in background, Space Ghost rides a porpoise on a stick)
Space Ghost: Yippee ki yi yay! Merrrry Christmas, everybody!
Billy: (chirps)
(Credits roll)
David Lander: I feel like everything here is trick photography.
(Boing!) (pop!) (hisssssss!)

GUEST STARSMichael McKeanDavid Lander
WRITERMatthew Maiellaro
EDITORSJay EdwardsKen BradyJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astroman?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astroman?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. Strandquest
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury Ingram
PRODUCTIONMANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna-BarberaHarriet SternbergTobe BeckerHBOU.S. Comedy Arts FestivalStuart SmithSchlemielSchlamaazalHassenpepper Inc.
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 46 - "Needledrop"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:46
Title:Needledrop
Original Air Date:October 9, 1997
Guest Stars:Ice-T, Ernie-C, Fred Willard

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost and Zorak are dining, classical music plays in the background)
Zorak: Mmm! These watercress sandwiches are splendid!
Space Ghost: Do you like them? I made them with extra water.
Zorak: So that's the secret!
Space Ghost: I've composed some light verse to accompany our reverie. Shall I recite it?
Zorak: That would be divine.
Space Ghost: A bug on a rugDrank from a mug.I felt a tug.(pause, squeaks mug)Give me a hug.
Zorak: I adore the rhyme scheme.
Space Ghost: Let us engage in a spirited philosophical debate. Is morality an absolute or a relative societal construct?
Zorak: It's absolute. You're either good, or evil.
Space Ghost: There are no absolutes, the cold hand of science has shown us that. (sips from his mug) My friend, it appears we disagree.
Zorak: Then let us agree to disagree. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Well stated. A toast, to civility and restraint.
Moltar: More tea, m'lady?
Zorak: Why, yes, how lovely. (sips from his mug)
Space Ghost: Moltar, where are the cakes? The dainty cakes.
Moltar: Dainty cakes?
Space Ghost: Where are they?
Moltar: I bought 'em! I had 'em in the car! I, I swear! Sh- she handed 'em right to me. I, I had the dainty cakes right in the car! Nooooo!!!!
(Screen morphs back to Moltar in control room)
Moltar: (wakes up, panting) Ooooh, what a nightmare!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost. Here's the deal. I've got a behind, it's super-heroic, and I'm about to shake it.
Zorak: I'd rather you didn't.
Moltar: Why are we even doing this?
Space Ghost: Evil villains, stand down from the funk. Tonight, I'm gonna tear it up, and break it down, with my favorite extended dance mixes.
Moltar: That still doesn't answer the question.
Space Ghost: Come on, Moltar, all the kids are dancin'! (high funky voice, with echo) It's electrifyin'! (end echo) Now put the needle on the record.
Moltar: (grumbles to himself, throws lever; needle drops to record, dance music plays)
Space Ghost: It's time for my (high voice) Soooooo-looo Dance Party. (neon-style titles superimposed on screen: SOLO DANCE PARTY) Y'all ready for this? (dances at his desk) Come on, come on!
Zorak: (glares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Come on, Zorak, this is outta sight, man!
Zorak: You dance like a woman.
Space Ghost: (record scratch sound, music stops) I dance like a woman, if she were a man.
Zorak: Well, you got me there.
Space Ghost: I command all viewers to welcome my first guests, Mr.Ice-T and Mr. Ernie-C. Together, they're my first guests.
(Monitor lowers with Ice-T and Ernie-C)
Ice-T: Greetings!
Ernie-C: Hello, how are you?
Ice-T: What's up, Space?
Space Ghost: Space is up, T, way up! And, way out! Observe my outer space jig! Moltar?
Moltar: (grumbles again, throws lever, needle drops again, more dance music)
Space Ghost: (doing funky hand moves) E-lec-tronic, au-to-matic. How d'ya like this action, Ice-T?
Ice-T: It's all good, Space baby.
Space Ghost: (dancing again) Yeah, they never let me do this in the action show.
(Screen morph flashback to original Space Ghost cartoon)
Space Ghost: I have vanquished you, lizard slavers. And now, behold the pelvic gyrations of my victory boogie. (dance music starts, Space Ghost boogies)
Lizard Slaver 1: No, please, not the victory boogie!
Lizard Slaver 2: The cosmic gyrations will destroy the ship!
(Rest of lizard slavers hold their hands to their heads and scream)
Space Ghost: Doin' the butt! Heyyy... pret-tay, pret-tay!
(Screen morphs back to Space Ghost at his desk)
Space Ghost: Oh, Iced Tea, you are a sweet and refreshing beverage.
Ice-T: I am very sweet and refreshin'. (laughs)
Space Ghost: I'm not talkin' about you, I'm speaking in general.
Ice-T: That's right.
Ernie-C: Very cool, very cool.
Ice-T: What's up, Zorak? My man.
Zorak: (eyes swirling, with eerie sound effects; tries to control Ice-T's mind) (Ice-T! You will hook up Zorak with some fly honeys!)
Ice-T: (appears to be in a trance)
Space Ghost: Ice-T. Ice-T. Wake up!
Ice-T: That was cool, Zorak, that was cool, hit me 'gain, that was cool.
Zorak: Just remember what I said.
Space Ghost: Want me to blast the little pit spawn?
Ice-T: That's how you do, Space Ghost, you just go around killin' and blastin' ...
Ernie-C: (laughs)
Ice-T: Space Ghost, just don't blast us!
Space Ghost: Why not? It's electrifyin'.
Ice-T: Do Ernie.
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. (aims power bands)
Ernie-C: Ho-, ho-, hold...
Space Ghost: I'm only playing, I'm only playing. What are you, you're mad at me now.
Ernie-C: No, no, I don't even like the word "destructo". (laughs)
Space Ghost: Free-style for me, Ice Ice baby.
Ice-T: You see my name's SG, and the place to be, representin' with Ice-T and Ernie-C.
Space Ghost: (raps badly) Why I'm SG, and it's plain to see, that I'm SG, and my name is SG.
Ice-T: (laughs) That was cool.
Ernie-C: That was interestin'.
Zorak: (eyes swirling again, with sound effects, etc.) (Just a little mental note...)
Ice-T: Hmm?
Zorak: (Reminding you about those fly honeys.)
Ice-T: Zorak was messin' with my brain again, what're you do...
Space Ghost: Hey, Ice-T, check it, buddy. (dances again, panting, humming to himself. Ice-T, Ernie-C and Zorak stare at him)
Ice-T: Come on, Ghost, come on, man, you gotta, you gotta do better'n that.
Space Ghost: Don't take that tone of voice with me, young man!
Ice-T: Yes, sir.
Ernie-C: Yes.
Space Ghost: Hey, Moltar! Kick it!
Moltar: (throws lever, rock music plays)
Ernie-C: I hear somethin'.
Zorak: Oooh, this rocks!
Space Ghost: Hold on, I can't dance to this.
Zorak: Play it backwards!
Space Ghost: No, don't! Something scary could happen!
Moltar: (throws lever, music starts playing backwards; a ghost flies out of his monitor) Eaaaaah! A ghost! (runs away)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's goin' on?
(Ghost flies out of control room)
Space Ghost: (talking to Moltar, who is standing next to his desk) What's wrong?
Moltar: I wanna be out here with you.
Zorak: He's frightened of ghosts!
Moltar: (whimpering) Moltar fears nothing! Nothing!
Zorak: He fears what he cannot understand.
Space Ghost: That ghost isn't gonna hurt you.
Ice-T: Bring him in here so I can smack 'em.
Moltar: But... but...
Ernie-C: One time.
Space Ghost: See, Mr. T and his friend Ernie aren't afraid of the ghost.
Zorak: Yeah, Moltar, it just wants to possess your soul!
Moltar: (as ghost flies by) No!!
Ice-T: (to ghost) Peace, ghost. (waves)
Space Ghost: Get outta here!
Moltar: No! Wha!!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: You don't have to be crazy to work here... (punchline intro music) But it helps! (punchline outro music) Stop it!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: (to Moltar, in control room) But I keep telling you, I'm a ghost, you're not afraid of me, are you?
Moltar: Arggh, no! I hate you, hate and fear are two different things.
Space Ghost: (floating, makes "scary" sound) Aaaaaaaaaaaaa! Are you frightened?
Moltar: Uh, no. I think I just told you, I hate you?
Zorak: (on control room monitor) Hey, what, are you guys slow dancin' in there? I wanna go home. (monitor shows text:)
CAM 02ICE-MAN. PLEASE.RAPPIN DAZ-DANCIN MACHINE
Space Ghost: (invisos back to desk, lounge music is playing) Yes, as a matter of fact, we were. And speaking of were, please welcome funny man Fred Willard.
Fred Willard: (appears on monitor) My name is Fred Willard, and in earth terms, I am an actor, and, uh, I've been in some movies and television series...
Space Ghost: Let's talk about your days at "Real People." Now, there's a show!
Fred Willard: Oh, yeah, now, now that was fun.
Space Ghost: How did you determine if a person was real or an android?
Moltar: Yeah, did you rip their face off and check their circuitry?
Fred Willard: Uh, this is getting a little technical for me...
Space Ghost: Then let's change the subject to me. You know, I'm a superhero...
Fred Willard: That's right, and I, I, you are a hero, and I always wanted to play a, a hero. And I think, I think I played a hero once, I think I played Batman in a stage revue in Chicago...
Space Ghost: I won't have that man's name mentioned on my show! He still owes me for that dinner I bought him at R. J. McGoodtimes. (quietly) I oughta tell everybody he's Bruce Wayne.
Fred Willard: Oh dear, okay.
Moltar: Tansut, you hear that? Batman's Bruce Wayne!
Tansut: Wow! You think you know a guy.
Zorak: (eyes swirling yet again, with sound effects, etc.) (Fred Willard, you will hook Zorak up with some fly...) Ih... Never mind.
Space Ghost: Fred, I got a notion to put my butt in motion. Moltar!! (monitor shows text:)
SEARCHING WHAT'S MINE
Moltar: (pulls lever, disco music plays)
Space Ghost: (dances again) Come on, Fred, sing along!
Fred Willard: I'm game, I'm up for it. (music stops)
Moltar: (rustling noise) Whaa!!
Space Ghost: Moltar! What's happening now?
Moltar: The ghost is back! (Ghost flies to Zorak's keyboard pod)
Zorak: Stop scrunchin' me! This is my work area! (Ghost flies through Zorak & flies off) Hey! You got my soul! Gimme back my soul! (bounces off after ghost)
Space Ghost: Say, I'll bet Zorak doesn't have a "ghost" of a chance (punch line music). Get it, Fred?
Fred Willard: Sure, sure. Now, we're not gonna be, beamed back to earth without mentioning my movie, are we?
Space Ghost: It's all about you, isn't it, Fred?
Fred Willard: Uh... (smiles)
Space Ghost: Well...
Fred Willard: Well, it takes place in this small, uh, midwestern town, and we're a small time amateur theatrical group that puts on... (Zorak walks in front of the camera; Fred continues to talk in the background, but is drowned out by Space Ghost and Zorak)
Space Ghost: Back already, Zorak? Did you get your soul back?
Zorak: (mocking) No, I didn't. Did you get your brain back?
Space Ghost: That's your worst line ever.
Zorak: Thanks.
Fred Willard: ... and we find out this gentleman called Guffman may come to see us from uh, Broadway producers, I think it comes out in January, and I think you'll enjoy it.
Space Ghost: (pause) Ah ha!! Now that's an anecdote!
Fred Willard: Uh, which one?
Zorak: (spooky sounds) He's baaaack!
Space Ghost: Away with you, spirit! Hang on a minute, Fred.
Fred Willard: That's fine, that's fine. I'm in no hurry.
Space Ghost: There's only room for one ghost in this studio, and it's not the ghost that's not me!
Fred Willard: Alright.
Space Ghost: (blasts ghost with destructo ray; a note flutters to the ground at Space Ghost's feet) Holy Schnikes! That ghost was carrying a note! (picks up note) It says: (sniff) I just wanted to shake it. One time. (sniff) Sincerely, A Ghost.
Fred Willard: Oh!
Moltar: (mock sincerity) If I'd known that, maybe I wouldn't have been so scared.
Zorak: (distraught) I never got my fly honeys! (gets big anime eyes & cries; his tear sizzles when it hits the ground)
Space Ghost: Fred Willard, this is all your fault! I order you to give the ghost a touching eulogy.
Fred Willard: Ah! And, um, yes, he's done a lot of wonderful... stuff, am I saying the right thing?
Space Ghost: Eh, who cares? Let's dance! Moltar! Hit me with another one of those block rockin' beats!
Moltar: (pulls lever, disco music plays, monitor shows text:)
SHOE BEGINFEET END
Space Ghost: (dances again; Fred looks disgusted, then credits roll) Hey! Ho! Hey! Ho! (over and over and over)
(Credits roll)
Moltar: The only thing that scares me more than ghosts is coming to terms with my grief.
Tansut: Oh, suck it up, fatty!
Space Ghost: (groan)

GUEST STARSIce-TErnie-CFred Willard
WRITERSDan VebberSean LaFleurAlan Laddie
EDITORSKen BradyJon SchneppJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astroman?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astroman?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDon Kennedy
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. StrandquestLes Harper
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave Sillman
INK AND PAINTMaury Ingram
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSHanna BarberaMarc FrancisSteve TseckaresDeney Terrio
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERSPete SmithAndy MerrillChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 47 - "Sphinx"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:47
Title:Sphinx
Original Air Date:October 16, 1997
Guest Stars:Mike Judge, Harland Williams

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Moltar in the control room, with Mike Judge on the monitor)
Moltar: Okay, recording, and... now!
Mike Judge: (in Butthead voice) Space Ghost isn't home right now, (laughs). (changes to Beavis voice) (laughs) Is there something I can help you with? (laughs some more) (normal voice) Okay, there you go.
Moltar: It's not for Space Ghost, it's for me.
Mike Judge: Did you want, I thought you...
Moltar: No, I want one for me.
Mike Judge: (in Beavis voice) Voltar isn't home right now. Leave a message. Beep!
Moltar: No.
Mike Judge: Okay.
Moltar: My name's Moltar.
Mike Judge: (winces) Moltar.
Moltar: Yeah, and, and say some stuff about fire this time.
Mike Judge: (in Beavis voice) Moltar isn't home right now, fire, fire, leave a message.
Moltar: Wait, wait, I, I wanted one with Butthead.
Mike Judge: (sighs) Another one?
Moltar: Yeah.
Zorak: Hey, do one for me!
Mike Judge: Okay, who's it for?
Zorak: (pokes his head into control room) Zorak!
Moltar: Do him and me!
Zorak: Me and him.
Moltar: And make it funny this time.
Mike Judge: (in Beavis voice) Zorak isn't here, Moltar isn't here, leave a message. (does the finger & lips thing)
Moltar: No, make it funny!
Mike Judge: (in Hank Hill voice) Zo-, Zorak and Noltar...
Moltar: Moltar.
Mike Judge: (disgusted) Ah! Forget it.
Moltar: No, no, no, no, no!
Mike Judge: Get what's-his-name to do a message for ya. (starts to walk off)
Moltar: Sit down, you gore belly rump dead foot licker! We're not done yet!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, all. Space Ghost is my name, and animated comedy-style interview programs based in outer space are my game. Joining me tonight are craven fat kidneyed flirt gill Harland Williams, and unmuscled sheep biting mold warp Mike Judge.
Zorak: Have you seen my tail?
Space Ghost: Your what?
Zorak: My tail. Some joker cut it off!
Space Ghost: You don't have a tail!
Zorak: I know, because some joker cut it off!
Space Ghost: Calm down, Zorak.
Zorak: You calm down! Did you eat it?
Space Ghost: Why would I eat your stupid tail, I didn't even know ya had one!
Zorak: Moltar?
Moltar: I didn't eat it. I don't even like tail.
Zorak: Oh, wait, here it is. (pause) It's not a tail after all...
Space Ghost: Play me to the desk.
Zorak: It's a wacky fun slippery slide!
(MoA music plays Space Ghost to the desk. Space Ghost invisos to his desk; Moltar and Zorak whoop it up in the background)
Moltar: Whoa, whoa!
Zorak: Wooo hoo hoo!
Moltar: Hey, check this out! (slides by)
Space Ghost: All right, put the wacky fun slippery slide away.
Zorak: Whee-eeeeee! (slides by)
Moltar: (crash!) My knee!
Space Ghost: Please welcome my first guest, citizen Harland Williams
Harland Williams: (monitor lowers from ceiling) (yodels)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Harland!
Harland Williams: Hello there... Billy.
Space Ghost: My name is not...
Moltar: Wheeeeeeeee! (slides by)
Space Ghost: ... Billy.
Harland Williams: Oh. (winks)
Space Ghost: It's Space Ghost.
Harland Williams: 'kay, Billy. Gotcha. (winks again)
Space Ghost: Hey, hey, don't call me Billy.I do not care for the name Billy.
Harland Williams: Space Ghost, you... you're a little, uh, rambunctious today.
Space Ghost: How would you like it if I pulled down your pants and spanked your bare bottom right here in front of Zorak, Moltar and everybody!
Harland Williams: I'll say one word about y- that: naughty.
Space Ghost: Naughty?
Harland Williams: Naughty. (points) Naughty Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: What do you mean?
Harland Williams: There's naughty stuff goin' on in your head, you probably have, like, daydreams about pomegranates, and ...
Space Ghost: (hears "pomegranates" with echo effect)
Harland Williams: Sea fleece.
Space Ghost: (hears "sea fleece" with same echo effect)
Harland Williams: Timber.
Space Ghost: (hears "chocolate chip cookie dough" with same echo effect)
Harland Williams: You like wood, don't you?
Space Ghost: Well, sure I do. Who doesn't like wood? Cedar, mahogany, rustic pine. Yes, wood is good food. (smile sparkles)
Harland Williams: Naughty-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y (image & sound get stuck in a loop; continues in the background)
Space Ghost: (laughs) (pause) What's the matter?
Zorak: That's some wacky stuff.
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: Alright. Uhhhh... hang on. (Harland keeps looping) Uh, is this on the same tape, or...
Space Ghost: Stop! (blasts Harland with his destructo ray)
Harland Williams: (stops looping) God bless you, O black capped whitey legs. D'you have varicose veins?
Space Ghost: No, I don't.
Harland Williams: Y'got big puffy veins, (makes pulsing sounds and motions with his hands) pulsing away like organ grinder monkeys on cheese twists.
Zorak: Yeah, he's got legs like his greasy grannie! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: That extra grease tacked two years onto her life, thank you very much.
Harland Williams: You ever, uh, rubbed a bar of soap on your grandmother's forehead?
Space Ghost: I... don't think I'll have occasion to, being that she's no longer with us.
Zorak: Why, what would happen?
Harland Williams: Well, you'd have yourself one heck of a sparkling clean grand-mamá.
Space Ghost: Maybe you didn't hear me. My grandmother bought a farm!
Zorak: Really?
Moltar: Cattle or crops?
Space Ghost: She's dead, all right?! I don't want to talk about it!
Zorak: Oops. Back to the veins.
Harland Williams: Tell me about your veins. See, I'm turnin' the questioning around, now tell us about your big, greasy space veins... white legs!
Space Ghost: Harland Williams, I will not hold court to your mischief!
Moltar: Space Ghost! The completion backward principle!
Space Ghost: Uh, completion backwards principle?
Harland Williams: Tell us about the veins! (slurps)
Moltar: Remember? Zorak creates a diversion, while you circumnavigate Ghost Planet at the speed of light...
Harland Williams: That's right, Space Ghost.
Zorak: Causing the planet to reverse its rotation.
Moltar: Which in turn opens a multidimensional chasm. (monitor shows Space Ghost with three screens completely full of text flashing over him, reading, in part:)
Keith Crofford-Tad Ghostal:TempCrofford-Tad Ghostal:Temporary Items:WCrofford-Tad Ghostal:Temporary Items:WCrofford-Tad Ghostal:Temporary Items:W
(next screen:)
Crofford-Tad Ghostal:Temporary Items:WCrofford-Tad Ghostal:Temporary Items:WCHANGE OR DELETE THE FOLLOWI>OTHER REASONS FOR HIS ABSENC>(available in stores September 2 - EX
(next screen:)
Unknown LDI TBS Tur>WITS-TECHWOOD Turner Broad>Entertainment Sandi Reid>Hanna-Barbera
Space Ghost: Thusly causing time to go backwards so that I can redo and/or cancel the interview before the secret of my hideous and spidery varicose veins becomes common knowledge to the general public!
Harland Williams: You see now, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Yes! Why didn't I think of it before?
Moltar: You did! You called it the completion backwards principle!
Harland Williams: All hail Space Ghost! And his giant pulsing veiny legs!
Space Ghost: Zorak! Create a diversion!
Zorak: Hey, everybody! Look at me! Do doodley do do, do do da do do...
Space Ghost: (flies off)
Harland Williams: Wh-, where is he?
Zorak: (laughs) Ever see Superman 1?
Harland Williams: Yes.
Zorak: He'll be back in a sec.
Harland Williams: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (flies back to desk)
Zorak: He's back!
Space Ghost: (out of breath) Greetings! (pants) I (pants) am (pants) Space Ghost.
Harland Williams: What, you wake up with a Winnie the Pooh video in your shorts?
Moltar: Idiot! You went the wrong direction! (screen shows text:)
VELOCITY[?]=SPACE(?)/DONUTS
Space Ghost: Are you sure?
Moltar: We've been on for three hours now!
Zorak: Yeah! I want time and a half!
Space Ghost: Ohhhhh... (falls down onto floor, everybody laughs) I think I pulled too many G's.
Harland Williams: That a boy, Jerry.
Moltar: Jerry! (laughs)
Harland Williams: (waves)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Mike Judge: (on Moltar's monitor, in Hank Hill voice) Oh, I tell ya what, that Space Ghost has a nice little patootie on him, don't he? (monitor shows text:)
BED[obscured by M's hand]BROOMSTICKS
Moltar: No!! (throws lever, sends Mike to studio monitor) You make me sick!
(Monitor screen flips through several test patterns, a picture of Adrienne Barbeau from "Jacksonville", and finally shows Mike Judge)
Mike Judge: (in Butthead voice) That was cool! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Identify yourself to the universe.
Mike Judge: I am Mike Judge. I am the creator of B-
Space Ghost: I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know what you do.
Mike Judge: Oh. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Maybe I can help you with your little cartoon deal.
Mike Judge: Uh, yeah, I, I would like to know what I can do to make what I do funnier.
Space Ghost: You should make your show like "Die Hard". Only put it on a bus! And then you should make the guys talk funny and hit each other in the head. And have explosions!
Mike Judge: I, I'm gonna write that down.
Space Ghost: And you should give all the guys in the thing a destructo ray and a freeze ray. And you should make them talk funny and hit each other.
Zorak: (in background) In the head.
Space Ghost: Yeah! In the head!
Mike Judge: Yeah, yeah, destructo ray, freeze ray, that could probably, like, that could put us over the top.
Space Ghost: Then I would come in and save the day! (hums superhero-type theme music)
Mike Judge: Well, um, you know how to get a hold of me.
Space Ghost: Oh, wait, I just remembered! Draw everyone with large muscular lantern-like jaws. Like mine! (jaw sparkles)
Mike Judge: Think if I'd drawn Butthead and Beavis with stronger jaws, and, uh...
Space Ghost: White booties!
Mike Judge: Yeah, white boots, they, they might be funnier and they might score.
Space Ghost: Well, you know what they say, Mike, dames are like mustard. They taste great on a sandwich. But when you're not eating a sandwich, they just sit there in your refrigerator... on a shelf... in a jar... labeled... mustard.
Mike Judge: Oh yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay then. Citizen Mike, give me an infectious laugh that millions will aspire to imitate.
Mike Judge: Well, you know, I actually found a tape of myself trying out different laughs. There was like (does Butthead laugh) and there was like (does monkey-like laugh) and, uh, you know, then, of course (does Beavis laugh). And, uh, if you wanted to have the (does monkey-like laugh) you could probably have that one.
Space Ghost: (Does monkey-like laugh) Will this (does monkey-like laugh) give me the approval of the much sought after 18 to 34 year old demographic?
Mike Judge: No, not really. (laughs) But it's free, though.
Space Ghost: Then I'll take it! Citizen Mike, what are your favorite programs?
Mike Judge: I really like this, I like Space Ghost, man.
Space Ghost: Thank you!
Mike Judge: I like, uh, Space Ghost... And, uh...
Space Ghost: Space Ghost?
Mike Judge: Uh, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Thank you once again! How can I repay you for your undying devotion?
Mike Judge: You could go into the cartoon "Rug Rats", and just sorta clean house.
Space Ghost: Yyyou want me to whack the Rug Rats?
Mike Judge: I'll give you a list of some people in the industry that need to be, uh, that need to have this done to 'em.
(Blasts Zorak with his own destructo ray)
Zorak: Aaaaaa!!!
Mike Judge: Sorry.
Zorak: Don't be.
Space Ghost: That was quite a display of superior firepower.
Mike Judge: Can you put a sound effect into this... (blasts Zorak again)
Zorak: Noooo!!!
Mike Judge: ... to make us equal?
Space Ghost: Sure thing...
Zorak: Wait a minute...
Space Ghost: Moltar?
Moltar: (throws lever)
Mike Judge: (in superhero/Hank Hill voice) What special powers do you have to help fight the insanity? (blasts Zorak again)
Zorak: No, wait... Aaaaaaa!
Space Ghost: No, listen: What special powers do you have to help stop the insanity? (blasts Zorak)
Zorak: Nooooooo!!
Mike Judge: You're right, let me try that again.
Zorak: Hold it, gimme just a sec.
Mike Judge: (Blasts Zorak again) What special powers do you have to help stop the insanity?
Zorak: All right, stop it!!! It hurts, okay?!
Space Ghost: Hmmm, I dunno.
Mike Judge: Well, let's hear you do Butthead.
Space Ghost: (completely straight voice) Ha ha ha, ha, ha ha. My name is Butthead, my head is a giant human butt. Ha, ha ha.
Mike Judge: And how about Beavis?
Space Ghost: (also in straight voice) Shut up, Butt land, my name is Beavis. How was that?
Zorak: (in background) Fab-oh!
Mike Judge: Yyyeah, yeah, that was... well, that was great.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'm good, baby.
Mike Judge: I'd like to hear Zorak do Beavis.
Zorak: I'd like to hear Mike Judge shut up!
Mike Judge: (looks shocked)
Space Ghost: Ooooh, did you hear that, Mike.
Mike Judge: Well, tell him I'd like to tie the long hair on his head to the short hair on his nose and kick him down the street, okay?
Zorak: Bring it on, you son of a carpenter.
Space Ghost: Knock it off, guys. Come on.
Mike Judge: (In Skeletor, from He-Man, voice) The power scepter is mine now, Beast Man!
Zorak: That's my tail!
Mike Judge: You betcha.
Zorak: Gimme back my tail!
Moltar: Wheeeeee! (slides by)
Mike Judge: (in Beavis' Cornholio voice) Are you threatening me?
Zorak: You've got my tail!
Space Ghost: All right, everybody. Just stop!
Mike Judge: (stares back)
Zorak: (stares back)
Moltar: (slides by) Wo wo wo wo...
Space Ghost: Thanks for stopping by, Mike.
Mike Judge: (in Hank Hill voice) Boy, I tell ya what, it don't get any better'n this.
Space Ghost: Nope! It sure doesn't.
Mike Judge: (in Beavis voice) (laughs) Boy! (laughs) It doesn't get any better than this! (laughs) Yeah!
Space Ghost: You hit the nose on the head, compadre! It just doesn't get any better than this!
Mike Judge: (in Butthead voice) Uh, it doesn't get any better than this? (laughs)
Space Ghost: No, it doesn't. And there you have it, folks.
Mike Judge: (in Buzzcut voice) Boy, it doesn't get any better than this!
Space Ghost: Mike...
Mike Judge: (in Mr. Van Driesen voice) You know, it really doesn't get any better than this, mm-kay?
Space Ghost: Mmm-kay! Thanks for being on the...
Mike Judge: (in Principal McVickers voice) (wheezes) It doesn't get any better than this. (wheezes)
Space Ghost: Mike... Mike!!
Mike Judge: (in Butthead voice) Uh... (in normal voice) What's that?
Space Ghost: I have to go home now.
(Credits roll)
Mike Judge: Here's Tom Anderson: "Boy, I tell ya what." Here's Hank Hill: "Boy, I tell ya what." It's a big difference.

GUEST STARSMike JudgeHarland Williams
WRITERDave Willis
EDITORSJon Schnepp(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astroman?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astroman?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTPaul Wilson
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSCarolina PicturesSteve Tseckares
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 48 - "Pavement"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:48
Title:Pavement
Original Air Date:October 23, 1997
Guest Stars:Colin Quinn, Pavement, Red Green, Goldie Hawn, Tommy Davidson

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: (sips coffee) Guess who write tonight's show? (no response) Come on, guess!
Zorak: (sighs) Who write it?
Space Ghost: Me! I writed!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, everyone! I am Space Ghost, the most powerful being that have ever existed in the world of the universe! You know it. I know it. Moltar know it. Zorak know it. Tansut know it. Brak know it. Lokar know it. And those other people know it, too.
Moltar: (speaking lines badly) It is a pleasure to work for someone (disgusted sigh) so good. (monitor shows text:)
KEEPKREL VID-USER
Space Ghost: Thank you, Moltar! Zorak?
Zorak: (reading from script, sighs) I am a foul and degenerate creature, I will now play the music.
(Way outs play screechy violin recital music)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Zorak, that was very bad. That song you played; you go to prison.
Zorak: Nuts to that action!
Space Ghost: Stick with the script! (aims his power bands)
Zorak: Awright, awright, I'm goin' to prison! Geez!
Space Ghost: Moltar, get me the Beatles to replace Zorak.
Moltar: A-okay, chief. (quietly) Uh, Space Ghost, I, I'm not gonna be able to get the Beatles.
Space Ghost: (quietly) Shhh, just get anybody, the audience won't know. They're all stupid. (monitor shows text:)
KNEELIN ELLS
Zorak: Hey, um, am I really going to prison?
Space Ghost: (quietly) No, just go stand over there. (aloud) Moltar, get me a guest.
Moltar: You just told me to get the Beatles.
Space Ghost: Moltar, you go to prison! (monitor shows text:)
SPITTLE TRUCK
Moltar: (walking off) I'm confused by this whole deal...
Zorak: (standing off-stage with Moltar, holding script) Hey, welcome to prison...
Space Ghost: Wait a second...
Zorak: ... whattya in for?
Space Ghost: Alright, everyone freeze. Don't move! Moltar, go back to your post. You are no longer a prisoner; that was a flashback.
Moltar: Oh. (walks back to control room)
Space Ghost: Alright, now we're back in the present, where I am a superhero talk show host, who is also a successful defense attorney, up against the fight of his life, but that hasn't been revealed yet, and Moltar is getting the guest, aaaaand... action!
Moltar: (pause) Me? (monitor shows text:)
S.E.C. 7ZORAK IS STAINED
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Moltar: (speaking lines badly) Master, master I offer unto thee, TV's Colin Quinn. (aside) Choke on it. (throws lever, sends Colin to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: (as monitor lowers) TV's Colin Quinn! Prepare to bask in my greatness!
Colin Quinn: Thanks, Space Ghost, it's a pleasure to be here.
Space Ghost: It is I who is administering the pleasure on this show.
Colin Quinn: Is this posture too effeminate, is this okay...
Space Ghost: It really doesn't matter, because even though I've just made you a big star, you're no longer a guest on my show.
Colin Quinn: (looks surprised) Okay.
Space Ghost: Next guest, Moltar!
Moltar: Oh, um, TV's Red Green. (throws lever, monitor cuts from Colin Colin to a quick shot of Boris Yeltsin dancing to Red)
Red Green: You are, uh, you are, uh, you're a big fella.
Space Ghost: That's sweet!
Red Green: You are a big, big fella.
Space Ghost: No! I'm a big big star! From this point on, no one talk to me!
Red Green: (stares back silently, puzzled)
Space Ghost: I would like my chocolate ice cream now.
Moltar: (walks up to desk) (sighs) Here's your chocolate ice cream, my lord. (slams bowl down on desk)
Space Ghost: Thank you, stupid idiot.
Moltar: (muffles a scream) You're welcome. (walks off)
Red Green: Gosh sakes...
Space Ghost: Silence!!
Red Green: (smiles) Alright.
Space Ghost: (eats his ice cream)
Red Green: I have a couple poems, would you like one?
Space Ghost: (stops eating) Hold that thought, Red, it's time for me to read a poem now:When your life's a chain of troubles,And your dreams all broken bubbles,While your woes recur in doubles,Simply pause, and smile a while.(sobs, puts hand in front of his face) (sniff) I'm crying! Because I wanted you to see the full range (sniff) of my emotions!
(following text scrolls by on screen:)
All Hollywood producers are ordered to contact Space Ghost as soon as possible.
Space Ghost: I might stop by your lodge someday, Red!
Red Green: Give us lots of warning, huh?
Space Ghost: And remember, (belches)
Red Green: Yikes! Don't come on Mexican night, you'll regret it.
Space Ghost: Thank you, Red. Now, go away from my monitor screen.
Red Green: (holds up two videos he is plugging) That's it... (fades from monitor)
(Trumpet fanfare, as band members take their places on the Way Outs' bandstand)
Moltar: The Beatles have arrived, my lege.
Space Ghost: Colin, the Beatles are here!
Colin Quinn: (back on monitor, chants/sings:) Space Ghost, Space Ghost, he's a ... (mumbles something) (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs) Laughing at me with your big star mouth. Let us see how Zorak is doing in prison.
Zorak: (stares back from the wings, silently)
Space Ghost: Let us see how Zorak is doing in prison.
Colin Quinn: Is that where you say somethin'?
Zorak: Oh! Um... (scans script, then recites lines badly) Oh, I am in my cell. Oh, how I wished I would have played that song good, and that I was back in my keyboard.
Space Ghost: Justice has been deserved. (sound of prison cell door closing) (back at his desk) Don't go away, we'll be right back with "Meet the Beatles". (pause) We're back, now's the time for a special segment of my show called "Space Ghost of the Cosmos Calling".
Moltar: (looking at his script book) Hey, wait a minute! This isn't in the script!
Space Ghost: Hello, Timmy, is that you?
Timmy: (actually Space Ghost talking in high voice with his hand over his face) Hello, hello! Hi Timmy, I, I mean, hi Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Hi, Timmy, Space Ghost of the Cosmos calling!
Timmy: Oh, boy, I can't believe it! Is it really you?
Space Ghost: You better believe it, Timmy!
Timmy: Your show is the bestest...
Space Ghost: Thanks, Timmy, keep pluggin' away!
Timmy: But Space-
Space Ghost: And keep on truckin'!
Timmy: I've been sick, I've been so very sick!
Space Ghost: Oh! Well, uh, come on, get better, why don't you?
Timmy: Thank you, Space Ghost, I'm starting -
Space Ghost: That's right, Timmy. And tell your doctor that Space Ghost of the Cosmos made a house call! (to camera) This is the best show ever.
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: Welcome back, stupid viewers. You'll watch anything! Go ahead, change the channel, you'll be back! And now, right here on our stage tonight, the Beatles!
(Pavement plays their song, "Space Ghost")
Space Ghost: (as they play) Aaaah! What?! (band keeps playing in background, Space Ghost shouts over their playing) Now, ladies and gentlemen, the delightful Goldie Hawn!
Goldie Hawn: (monitor lowers with Goldie) Thank you very much, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: You look great, Goldie, how do you stay in such great shape?
Goldie Hawn: Uh, Tony ????
Space Ghost: What?
Goldie Hawn: He, um...
Space Ghost: What?
Goldie Hawn: He is a very special...
Space Ghost: What?
(Pavement keeps playing their song)
Space Ghost: (sticks head in corner of screen, "sings":) Space Ghost, living the high life!
(Pavement plays big finish)
Space Ghost: That was jolly good! Jolly good!
Steve West: Time to go! Bye bye.
Space Ghost: Now it appears that it's time for our next guest to appear. Moltar, send out my next guest. I will be back shortly, so don't worry about sending the guest out now, just do it now. That way the guest will be ready when my questioning begins upon my return.
Moltar: As you wish, O mighty mighty one. (throws lever, sends Tommy to studio monitor) (to himself) This just bites, is all.
Space Ghost: What did you say?
Moltar: I said, This. Just. Bites. Is all.
Space Ghost: What page are you on?
Moltar: This is the worst show! You know it, I know it, Zorak know it...
Zorak: (reading script) I, Zorak, have decided to dig a tunnel to escape...
Moltar: Shut up, Zorak!
Zorak: ... prison.
Space Ghost: On we go! Greet me, Tommy Davidson!
Tommy Davidson: (impersonating Sammy Davis Jr., sings) Spa-a-ace Ghost!
Space Ghost: (laughs and laughs)
Tommy Davidson: (impersonating Al Jarreau, sings) Space Ghost, ???? out in the u-u-universe.
Space Ghost: (finishes laughing) Woo, lord.
Tommy Davidson: OK, I hear ya.
Space Ghost: What did I just say?
Tommy Davidson: Woo, lord!
Space Ghost: You are an attentive listener! I like the shape of your head!
Tommy Davidson: (bats his eyelashes) I like you.
Space Ghost: I like you too, Dan.
Zorak: (clears his throat) This tunnel that I am digging out of the prison is much longer and much more difficult than I had anticipated.
Great Gazoo: (zaps in) I am here to help you in your time of trouble.
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, the Great Gazoo!
Great Gazoo: Toodle-loo, dum dums! (zaps out)
Space Ghost: The Great Gazoo, ladies and gentlemen.
Zorak: Hey, I thought he was supposed to help me with my tunnel!
Space Ghost: No, that was a cameo. Hel-looo!
Tommy Davidson: (impersonating Al Jarreau, sings) Zo-rak! We-e-e are here wai-ting, me-e-e and Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: (sounding like Nelson Eddy, sings) That's right, Tommy! We-e-e are here wai-ting, me-e-e and Tommy!
Zorak: Hey, Space Ghost, about this finale. How you gonna do all this stuff with Jupiter, and... who's Fidor?
Moltar: Yeah, where are you gonna get all the money for that?
Zorak: I don't think it's feasible.
Space Ghost: Just read your line.
Zorak: (reads script) Space Ghost, Fidor is trying to eat Jupiter.
Moltar: Someone must stop him.
Space Ghost: Sounds like Fidor needs to go out for a walk, Space Ghost style! (flies off)
Tommy Davidson: Good one.
(Action insert: Space Ghost vs. Fidor, with dramatic background music)
Fidor: (eating Jupiter, which looks amazingly like the Ghost Planet's moon; Space Ghost "flies in" and hits him) Ruff! Space Ghost! Ruff!
Space Ghost: Looks like your bark is worse than your bite, Fidor! (punches Fidor several more times) (standing on top of "Jupiter", as Fidor eats out of his dog dish) Once again, I have saved the universe!
(Fidor bumps Jupiter, Space Ghost hits the deck, then "flies off". Dramatic music concludes)
Space Ghost: (bounds back to desk) (exhales) All evil everywhere is vanquished, just like I write it to happen.
Moltar: (reading script) Hail the returing hero.
Space Ghost: Yes, yes. And also, Moltar, from this point on, I write all the world shows, because everyone watching turns out to like them so much. Tommy Davidson, you may now return safely to your planet.
Tommy Davidson: Thanks for having me. (fades from monitor)
Space Ghost: Zorak, I am freeing you from prison at this very moment.
Zorak: Oh, how I...
Space Ghost: There! All is well, all over the place. You may now be left with the Beatles.
(Pavement sings again, during closing credits)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: This show's so good, I'm thinking about not even airing it.

GUEST STARSColin QuinnPavementRed GreenGoldie HawnTommy DavidsonWRITERTad Ghostal
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstPavement
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
PAVEMENT IS:Mark IboldS.M.Spiral StairsBob NastanovichSteve West
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerChip Duffey
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. StrandquestMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
EFFECTS SUPERVISORBill Chapman
TECHNICAL DIRECTORBryan Smythe
LIGHTING DIRECTORMike Robertson
CAMERAAndy Ransom
AUDIOBruce GreenhutKarin Weitzman
VIDEOJim Reeves
LIGHTING ASSISTANTThomas Branch
TAPEGreg LiptakPeter Amato
PROPSSadler Evans
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave SillmanKen Horstman
CAMERA SUPERVISORRon Sutton
AUDIO SUPERVISORRob Mason
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
INK & PAINTMaury IngramKen Clarke
EDIT ASSISTPaul Wilson
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSMatador RecordsDaryl BascomRemco ShoutinThe PointSpencer GatesNasty Little ManNeil StraussJan Jennings
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 49 - "Untitled"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:49
Title:Untitled
Original Air Date:October 30, 1997
Guest Stars:George Clinton, Erik Estrada

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Erik Estrada is on control room monitor, putting on make-up. As Moltar speaks, monitor shows text:)
02.09.80TOW TRUCK LADY
(followed by:)
09.21.80GO CART TERROR
Moltar: Um, uh, Erik, um, Hi, um, I'm, I'm Moltar, and, um, I, I really like your show, you know, that, that "CHiPs" show? Where, where you guys, like, wreck all that stuff, all the cars...
Erik Estrada: (to make-up person) Got any rouge?
Moltar: Connie! Get in there and get that man some rouge! This is Erik Estrada, fer cryin' out loud! (monitor shows text:)
01.10.82TIGER IN THE STREETS
Moltar: I've gotta do it all around here. Yup, I'm the captain of this show. That's enough, Connie, he's not a clown! (monitor shows text:)
04.18.82ICE CREAM MAN
Erik Estrada: Thank you. Hi, Moltar. (winks)
Moltar: (laughs) You're the man, Erik! You and me, we got a thing goin'. We like each other!
Erik Estrada: Uh, thanks. (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)(monitor shows text:)
10.17.82TIGHT FIT
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space G-
Moltar: Go to the desk!
Space Ghost: (surprised) Okay. (invisos to desk) Uh, what now?
Moltar: Erik Estrada, Poncharello, the CHiPs-master! (monitor shows text:)
10.07.78DISASTER SQUAD
Moltar: Here he is, now! (sends Erik to studio monitor) Aw-riiiiight!Woo hoo hoo hoo...
Space Ghost: (blasts monitor with his power bands, George Clinton takes Erik's place) Cut it out, Moltar, that music guy is first.
Moltar: Aaaa! (throws lever, Erik returns) Ponch is first!
Space Ghost: (blasts monitor again) Music guy!
Moltar: (throws lever again) Erik!
Space Ghost: (blasts monitor again) Music guy!
Moltar: (throws lever again) Erik! (monitor shows text:)
02.03.79RALLY 'ROUND THE BANK
Space Ghost: Hey! Where's Zorak?
Zorak: (rises from center of keyboard pod, on an elevator platform) I was, just doing something. Down there. Without you.
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak, then blasts monitor again and again) Music guy, music guy, music guy, music guy!
Moltar: (throws lever again and again, monitor shows text:)
12.14.80SATAN'S ANGELS
Moltar: Erik, Erik, Erik, Erik, Erik, Erik, Erik!
Space Ghost: Hey, my show, my show!
Moltar: (grumbles, sends George to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Now just settle down, we'll get to Erik. (quietly to himself) When the earth cools. (normal voice) Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Funkenstien himself, Mr. George Clinton!
George Clinton: Roof, roof, roof, how ya doin?
Moltar: (sends Erik back to monitor) That was great, bring on Erik.
Space Ghost: Hey! I just started here.
Moltar: I thought you were done!(monitor shows text:)
10.24.82THE SPACEMAN MADE ME DO IT
Space Ghost: Gimme back George Clinton!
Moltar: No, I dropped him.
Zorak: (laughs) Good move!
Moltar: And he broke. So there.
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak) Aren't you busy with something?
Zorak: Oh yeah, thanks for reminding me. (lowers on elevator platform in his keyboard pod) See ya later.
Space Ghost: What's he doin'?
Zorak: (shadows flicker, sounds of flames in background) (Oooooh, look at all that human hair! Cool!)
Space Ghost: (listens to wolf howling, changing to dog barking, while monitor shows text:)
11.10.77GREEEN THUMB BURGLAR
(followed by:)
03.01.81PONCH'S ANGELS, PART II
Space Ghost: Who owns that dog? (more barking) And where's that music guy!?
Moltar: (makes "I dunno" noise)
Space Ghost: Send him out, Moltar! (monitor shows text:)
01.11.81FORTY TONS OF TROUBLE
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Send him out, Moltar!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Send him out, Moltar!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Send him out, Moltar!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: Send him out, Moltar!
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: I'm not gonna tell you again!
Moltar: Uh-uh
Space Ghost: I'm telling you, I'm not gonna tell you again! I am telling you, I am not gonna tell you again!!! (While Space Ghost talks, monitor shows text:)
02.09.78HITCH-HIKING HITCH
Moltar: No no no no no no no no no no no no no no...
Space Ghost: Tiiiiime ouuuuut!
Moltar: Aw man! (walks off)
Space Ghost: And you will stay in 'time out' until I am done with the funkmaster. I'm really sorry, George, Moltar's got this Estrada problem.
Zorak: (wearing a Howard Cosell-like toupee) Yeah, he wants to shake his hand, and then pull it up to his mouth real quick, so he can kiss it.
Space Ghost: (to George) That's Zorak.
George Clinton: Oh, I was wonderin' who was that guy...
Space Ghost: Look at him, he's got a full head of hair.
George Clinton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that toupee look funny.
Zorak: What toupee? This is my natural hair.
George Clinton: Oh, that, that figures, that was fake.
Zorak: This is the ancient hair from a young king's tomb. It gives me... the power...
Space Ghost: The power to do what?
Zorak: Oh... stuff.
Space Ghost: What kind of stuff?
Zorak: Powerful stuff! (evil laugh)
George Clinton: Oh, he has a good ??? on top of his head, that's a nice trick.
Space Ghost: No trick Zorak plays is ever nice. Watch as I destroy him!
George Clinton: I kinda figured you would do that.
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak)
Zorak: (coughs) I paid forty dollars for that rug!
Space Ghost: And look what it got you.
Zorak: The king will be very disappointed.
Space Ghost: King like that don't need hair. Speaking of hair, what's up with your 'do?
George Clinton: Oh, my 'do. Well, what comes around, went that way. And I can get around, you know what I'm sayin'?
Space Ghost: No. I wear a hood.
George Clinton: You wear a 'hood? I, I live in a 'hood. You have a 'hood, yeah, but how would I wear a 'hood?
Space Ghost: It's not hard. I take an entire neighborhood, put it on my head and dance around where the neighborhood used to be. The people who live in the neighborhood are terrified by my hopping, and some of them fall off my head and are trampled. It is then that the dance becomes a dance of sadness.
George Clinton: Why are you tellin' me this?
Space Ghost: Because I care about the innocent victims of my ill-advised dance of joy.
George Clinton: Oh...
Space Ghost: Fries don't come with that deadly shake.
George Clinton: (laughing) Shake like that don't need fries.
(Light and eerie music emanate from Zorak's pod; he stares at the flames)
Moltar: (off-screen) Can I come out now? I've been very good!
Space Ghost: Have you learned your lesson? (monitor shows text:)
01.02.83DAY OF THE ROBOT
Moltar: You mean, don't go strippin' in the woods?
Space Ghost: That's a good lesson, Moltar, albeit not exactly the lesson I had... (monitor shows text:)
01.05.78ONE TWO MANY
Moltar: I'm comin' out.
Space Ghost: Oh, all right.
Moltar: (walks up to control room monitor) What's this joker still doin' here? (monitor shows text:)
09.16.78 PEAKS AND VALLEYS
George Clinton: Go forth and funk, my child.
Moltar: Funk this, you wookie! (throws lever, replaces George with Erik)
Space Ghost: This is nuts. (invisos to control room, monitor shows text:)
02.23.78 CRASH DIET
Space Ghost: Bring him back, Moltar!
Moltar: Let go of the lever.
Space Ghost: You let go of the lever!
Moltar: I'm serious. Let go.
Space Ghost: No, you let go!
Moltar: Let go.
Space Ghost: I said, let go! (As Space Ghost and Moltar throw the lever back and forth, the monitor switches between Estrada and Clinton, along with various other pictures, including a full screen of mirrored text, which includes the line "imagining Zorak Deck")
Moltar: I said, let go! (Amongst the images on the monitor are the hallway from the show opening, and the Cartoon Network Productions Jack-in-the-box logo from the end.)
Space Ghost: I said, let go!
Moltar: I said it, too!
Space Ghost: Gimme that lever, I'm gonna...
Zorak: (in his subterranean cavern) (The breach of peace, fueled by a sprinkle of pandemonium. The vultures have come.)
Space Ghost: If you don't let go of that lever right now, I'm going to punch you in the nose!
Moltar: I don't have a nose!
Space Ghost: Ooooh, you don't?
Moltar: I have a cadmium alloy inhalant receptacle.
Space Ghost: Oh... uh, well, then I'll... kick you in the hands!
Moltar: No, please, not the hands!
Space Ghost: Here I go, kicking you in the hands!
Moltar: Ow.
(Space Ghost and Moltar go at it, rock 'em sock 'em style)
Space Ghost: Put your hands down here! (a hit to Moltar's face: "BLONNG!")
Moltar: Come on, pretty boy! How's that feel? (a hit to Space Ghost's face: "THOKK!") You like that? You like that?
Zorak: (in cavern, over continued fighting from Space Ghost and Moltar) (To the death, you toads! Spread the hatred far and wide! [evil laugh])
(Space Ghost and Moltar continue punching each other ,under the grunts and groans and punches they continue arguing)
Space Ghost: You're hurting me.
Moltar: ??? that's my hand.
Space Ghost: Not fair, let go of my cape.
Moltar: ??? the mask.
Space Ghost: Not the mask! Not the mask!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
(In the control room, Space Ghost and Moltar are no longer fighting)
Space Ghost: Well, Moltar, I... guess I lost the fight.
Moltar: No, Space Ghost, I lost... the fight.
Space Ghost: We both lost, therefore we both won. I apologize.
Moltar: Aaaa, ya big lug. I love you too.
Space Ghost: Give me a big old hug. (off camera) Ohhhh yeah!
Zorak: Frak!
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Hello everybody! And now, back to the show.
Zorak: Pinhead.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Nothin'. Moltworm.
Space Ghost: What did you say, just then?
Zorak: Nothin'!
Space Ghost: I don't remember where...
Zorak: Snapdragon.
Space Ghost: ... I heard that, you said 'snapdragon'.
Zorak: Did not!
Space Ghost: Did too!
Zorak: (in Exorcist voice) Did Not!
Space Ghost: That's creepy, idn't it?
Zorak: (in same voice) Yes. (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: And now, let's welcome Erik Estrada. (appears on monitor)
Moltar: Hang on a second, I, I wrote some questions for him.
Space Ghost: Well, hurry up!
Moltar: (walks out, plops down questions on Space Ghost's desk) Here! (walks off)
Space Ghost: Welcome to the show, citizen!
Erik Estrada: Thank you! Hi, Moltar! (winks)
Moltar: (still next to Space Ghost's desk) You're the man! Woo hoo!! Yeah!!
Space Ghost: Gonna stand there all day?
Moltar: I'm not hurtin' anything. Just talk.
Space Ghost: Don't worry, I'll read your stupid questions.
Moltar: You better. (walks off)
Space Ghost: Moltar's first question... well, it's not really a question, it just says "Moltar is your number one fan."
Erik Estrada: Yeah, I know, we're buds.
Moltar: You are the man!
Space Ghost: Question t-
Moltar: Wooooo!
Space Ghost: (pause) Question two says: How do you handle the pressures of being an international sex symbol?
Erik Estrada: Ohhhhh, how do I handle it? Well, you just have to, just, you say, "Okay, thank you, I take that as a compliment."
Space Ghost: Okay, thank you, I take that as a compliment.
Erik Estrada: And don't, don't get offended by it, or don't think that it gives you a license to... practice sex, with just anybody.
Space Ghost: (pause) Okay.
(Erik's and Space Ghost's smiles sparkle, to the tune of "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star")
Zorak: (in cavern) (Oh, the sounds of happiness fester in my brain!)
Moltar: Let me ask a question!
Erik Estrada: Sure! Go on, Molt. We know each other, I can call him Molt. (monitor shows text:)
10.07.78DISASTER SQUAD
Moltar: Woo doggie!
Zorak: (in Exorcist voice) Shut Up!
Moltar: You and me, Zorak, after the show!
Zorak: (in same voice) You name the time, scab!
Moltar: I thought I just did!
Zorak: (in normal voice) Oh, right. After the show. (screen goes dark, except for his eyes) (What am I becoming?)
Space Ghost: Ask your question!
Moltar: Okay! (monitor shows text:)
10.21.78TRICK OR TREAT
Moltar: (throws lever, Erik reappears on control room monitor) Erik, why was Sergeant Katrare always so mean? (monitor shows text:)
10.31.82ROCK DEVIL ROCK
Erik Estrada: Well, the sergeant never got out of the station much. And he didn't get to ride and meet the people, meet all the children...
Moltar: Or maybe your pants were too tight. Or maybe... (monitor shows text:)
03.03.79CHP BMX
Erik Estrada: Oh...
Moltar: (clears throat) Hey, remember the episode where you save Heather Locklear from the biker gang? (monitor shows text:)
02.03.79RALLY 'ROUND THE BANK
Erik Estrada: Yes.
Moltar: Oh, and, and remember the time when the skateboarder grabbed onto the back of that Chevy Malibu?
Erik Estrada: Right, right. (monitor shows text:)
09.22.79 ROLLER DISCO (PART 1)
Moltar: And kept on skating? That was so cool! (monitor shows text:)
02.06.83JOURNEY TO A SPACECRAFT
Erik Estrada: That wasn't very smart, that wasn't really cool.
Moltar: Well, that's what I meant. That was totally uncool!
Zorak: Let the power of Ponch compel you! (repeats over and over) (monitor shows text:)
10.27.79THE RETURN OF THE SUPERCYCLE
Moltar: Shut up, Zorak!
Erik Estrada: Zorak? Who's Zorak?
Space Ghost: That thing, over there!
Erik Estrada: That's pretty mean, huh?
Zorak: ... Let the power of Ponch compel you! ... (monitor shows text:)
10.21.78TRICK OR TREAT
Moltar: I said, shut up! You're wrecking my interview!
Zorak: ... Let the power of Ponch compel you! ...
Moltar: Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up! (monitor shows text:)
10.06.77DOG GONE
Space Ghost: Stop yelling! (silence on the set)
Erik Estrada: Okay.
Zorak: Let the power of Ponch compel you! ...
Moltar: Shut up! ??? you idiots anymore!
Erik Estrada: (pretending to talk into walkie-talkie) Hey, Baker, this is Seven Mary Three, we've got a 9-11 in progress, I need your audible, drop that burrito and get over here. (laughs)
Space Ghost: A 9-1-1 in progress? Up, up and away! (flies off)
Zorak: ... Let the power of Ponch compel you! ...
Moltar: You ruined my chance of a lifetime!
Zorak: ... Let the power of Ponch compel you! ...
Moltar: Shut. Up. Shut up!
Zorak: (blows up)
Moltar: Erik? Just gimme a second, I can fix it. (pulls lever, Erik blows up) Noooooo!!!! Oh no. (Moltar blows up)
(Phantom Cruiser flies in space, with mellow music playing)
Space Ghost: (mocking voice) "911, better hurry! 911!" Hate this job! Hey, it's hot in here. (sighs) Wonder if the air conditioner's broken... (turns knob) (Space Ghost blows up)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: I'm here for you, to make children smile, to make profits rise. I am the subservient of the network. (Pause) Did we get all that on tape?

GUEST STARSGeorge ClintonErik Estrada
WRITERSChip DuffeyMatthew MaiellaroAlan Laddie
EDITORSKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDave StrandquestMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave SillmanButch Seibert
INK & PAINTMaury IngramPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTMatt Lind
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSThe March of DimesMarcy GuiragossianRon SuttonJack FrostDennis BassarabChris Linder
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 50 - "Hipster"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:50
Title:Hipster
Original Air Date:November 6, 1997
Guest Stars:The Millionaire, Sam Butera

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
(Space Ghost starts to inviso in)
Moltar: Game on, here's the ghost.
Chad Ghostal: (inviso image now has a beard; inviso in completes) Not exactly, Daddy-O! (evil laugh)
Zorak: Space Ghost's evil twin brother Chad?!
Moltar: But we thought you were...(monitor shows text:)
THE SOPHISTICATED SAVAGE
Chad Ghostal: The asylum? Don't you wish! I blew that popsicle stand to make the scene here, baby. So dig it, kids, Chad Ghostal's takin' over!
Zorak: But why take this show over, it stinks!
Chad Ghostal: Not when I'm on it! TV is power, baby, sexy power! Hi, girls! (cat growl)
Zorak: But, what about Space Ghost?
Chad Ghostal: Oh, don't worry about the Tadpole, he's gone, man. Real gone!
Zorak: You mean... you destroyed Space Ghost?
Chad Ghostal: Let's just say my brother Tad won't be with us tonight.Ya dig? (dramatic sting music) (evil laugh)
Zorak: I dig! (evil laugh)
Moltar: I dig! (evil laugh)
Chad Ghostal: Tonight we do things my way, cats. No 70's sitcom rejects, no MTV snot-noses, we're gonna wig out and get evil tonight, baby. (big band music in background) My guests tonight are The Millionaire from the sharp music combo Combustible Edison. And direct from Vegas, legendary band leader hepcat Sam Butera. (applause in background) Pow pow pow, go cats, go!
Audience: (applause)
Chad Ghostal: (invisos to desk) Okay, cats and kittens, simmer down. I want you all to meet the real hepcat, the man, the myth...
The Millionaire: (on monitor as it lowers) I am The Millionaire, from the pop combo Combustible Edison.
Chad Ghostal: Hmmm, Millionaire...
The Millionaire: (winks, with cash register sound)
Zorak: He looks like a Batman villain.
Chad Ghostal: Man, your dry goods are murder! Clue me in on the threads.
The Millionaire: Well, this is a European cut three button...
Zorak: Louie the Lilac!
Moltar: The Joker.
Zorak: Louie the Lilac!
Moltar: Joker!
Zorak: Ten bucks says Louie the Lilac.
Moltar: You're on.
The Millionaire: ... and matching pocket square. I don't like anything in my outfit to be square, you know what I'm saying. (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: Ow! I'm wise! So, who inspires The Millionaire's style?
The Millionaire: My sense of style is kinda influenced by Gomez Addams and the Joker. (buzz!)
Zorak: (in Batmantis costume) What's this? Has Batmantis been gypped out of ten bucks?
Chad Ghostal: Zorak?
Zorak: What?
Chad Ghostal: Don't be a bore.
Zorak: Sorry. Uh, Taddy-O?
Moltar: (chuckles)
Chad Ghostal: So, Millionaire, for the benefit of my brother's ickie sidekicks, what is 'hip'?
The Millionaire: Don't ask me, I'm only a mere mortal.
Chad Ghostal: Deaf lip, my man. Well then, what's not hip?
The Millionaire: Uh, Dockers. That's one thing.
Zorak: And Space Ghost!
The Millionaire: (laughs) Really, you don't say.
Chad Ghostal: My brother's a total Clyde, baby. Uptight!
The Millionaire: That's unfortunate.
Chad Ghostal: He's a drag. But I took care of him, in style!
Zorak: Show us the body!
Moltar: Is he.. still in one piece?
Chad Ghostal: (evil laugh)
Zorak: (stares wide-eyed)
The Millionaire: So, do the buttons on your gauntlet do something entirely different than his, I've always wondered about that.
Chad Ghostal: Oh, you know it, Dad.
The Millionaire: What do yours do?
Chad Ghostal: Well, let me clue ya. I've got an atomic drink mixer... (presses power band button, makes a blender sound) An ultra-deluxe chick magnet (presses another button, makes sound of girls sighing)
The Millionaire: One of them must dim the lights on your chamber.
Chad Ghostal: Oh, yeah, make-out party tonight! (presses another button, lights dim except for spot on Chad)
The Millionaire: That's a good one.
Chad Ghostal: You know it, baby. (does cat growl sound) (sound of girls sighing again) (lights return to normal) So, any last words of advice for our lowly little viewers?
The Millionaire: Stay fabulous, beautiful people. Have faith, don't let the man beat you down.
Chad Ghostal: Awright! Listen, my main queen Elvira's throwin' a blast tonight, wanna swing by?
The Millionaire: Beautiful.
Chad Ghostal: Thanks for droppin' by, Millionaire. See you tonight.
The Millionaire: Thank you, Chad. (fades from monitor)
Chad Ghostal: Swanky fool! Tonight your millions shall be mine! (evil laugh, sound of slot machine paying off)
Zorak: Now will you tell us what you did with Space Ghost?
Chad Ghostal: You know, Zorak, curiosity killed the uncool cat. You dig?
Zorak: Hey, don't blame me! Blame it, on the bossa nova! (starts playing bossa nova music on his keyboard)
Moltar: (dances) Da da da da daaa, da!
Chad Ghostal: (dances) (does wolf howl), baby!! Take five, kids. Catch you on the flip side!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Chad Ghostal: And now, Jacks and Jills, welcome the king of the real gone cats himself, Mr. Sam Butera!
Audience: (applause)
Chad Ghostal: Sam, the man, the myth, the legend. Hug me, I suffer!
Sam Butera: Chad, how are ya, baby?
Chad Ghostal: In the groove, man. Evil, and lovin' it.
Sam Butera: Groovy.
Chad Ghostal: So, Sam, I gotta ask you, man, you still dig those crazy chicks?
Sam Butera: Oh, that's, that's where it's at.
Chad Ghostal: Tell me, Sam, what do you do to make a chick crazy? You know, like a fox? (does cat growl)
Sam Butera: Uh, the right kind of music, a little jive talk.
Chad Ghostal: Get in there! (does a wolf howl)
Moltar: This is totally demeaning to women.
Zorak: Can't we talk about Space Ghost's untimely demise?
Chad Ghostal: And just how do you jive talk a chick of choice?
Sam Butera: Well, you know, gotta call her "baby," "sweetheart," "darling," "I love you," and all the phrases that go along with love.
Chad Ghostal: Like, "Hey, duchess, I'm a homicidal maniac?" (music stops)
Sam Butera: (looks doubtful) That's right. (music starts again)
Chad Ghostal: Say, Sam?
Sam Butera: Yeah, man?
Chad Ghostal: You got a sister?
Sam Butera: Well, uh...
Chad Ghostal: I'm, like, out of jail. Loose, is what I'm sayin'. Like a loose meat sandwich.
Zorak: Uh, I get really uncomfortable when he talks like that.
Moltar: Oooh, me too. Sounds like a gross sandwich.
Chad Ghostal: Do you know my brother?
Sam Butera: I've seen him, sure.
Chad Ghostal: He's a total square, isn't he?
Sam Butera: (laughs) Now, don't put me in the middle now.
Chad Ghostal: It's okay, we can talk. He's.. not a problem.
Moltar: Come on, Chad, what did you do with Space Ghost?
Zorak: Did you at least, you know, rough him up?
Chad Ghostal: Oh, just a "tad". (rim shot) (laughs)
Sam Butera: But I tell ya what, he's sharp, he knows where it's at. He's a little square, but that's okay.
Chad Ghostal: He ain't just a little square, Sam, he's cubic. He's a blockhead, strictly bizarro.
Sam Butera: Well, I'm glad you're sayin' it and not me, you know, Chad.
Chad Ghostal: Wanna see my impression of my brother?
Sam Butera: Sure, man.
Chad Ghostal: Are you getting enough oxygen? I worry about such things, because I'm bor-r-ring!
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: See the walls in my house, I've been with the governor!
Moltar: (laughs)
Chad Ghostal: Chad! Your agent sending you out a lot, you doing any network spots? What have I heard you on lately? Listen, I'm really insecure, so I don't want you to take my job, okay?
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) That's him!
Sam Butera: (laughs) That's cute.
Chad Ghostal: Of course, you're like the opposite of square, Daddy-O. You swing!
Sam Butera: Well, anybody can swing, if you put your mind to it.
Chad Ghostal: Swing, Daddy-O, swing like a meat hook.
Sam Butera: (sings:)I'm just a gigolo,Everywhere I go,People know the part I'm playin'.
Zorak: Hey, I know that one!
Sam Butera: Pay for every dance,Selling each romance,Hey, baby, what they're sayin'.'Cause I, ain't got nobo-o-ody.
Zorak: Hey, I know that one!
Sam Butera: Well, I wrote that arrangement 34 years ago, the one that David Lee Roth stole from me.
Chad Ghostal: He, he stole it?
Sam Butera: You bet me he stole it.
Zorak: Make him pay, Chaddy-buffs!
Moltar: Space Ghost too! Uh, if, if he hasn't paid already.
Chad Ghostal: David Lee Roth?
Sam Butera: He came here one night to see me, you know, and after the show he walked up to me and said, "Hey, Sam!" I said, "Who are you?" He said, "I'm David Lee Roth." You know what I told him? I said, "Gimme my money!"
Chad Ghostal: (between clenched teeth) David Lee Roth!
Sam Butera: And he turned around and walked right out.
Chad Ghostal: (snorts) David Lee Roth! You watch your back, you hear me? You hear me?!
Zorak: You know what happened was, they brought in Hagar to replace Roth...
Moltar: Then, then they kicked Hagar out and brought Roth back...
Zorak: But he hassled Eddie at the MTV awards...
Moltar: And Eddie was just, like...
Zorak: I am so over this!
Moltar: And then Mike Anthony was, like... oh, whatever! (monitor shows text:)
VIVA LAS VEGAS
Chad Ghostal: (staring at Zorak) So, anyway, wwwhere were we? (police sirens in background) Oh, say, Sam, you got a sister?
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
(Squad car red and blue lights flash around studio)
Zorak: What?
Chad Ghostal: Yowsah! It's the heat!
Police Officer: (through bullhorn) Chad Ghostal! This is the police!
Zorak: Sting's here?
Moltar: You ever hear my Stewart Copeland story?
Police Officer: Come out with your power bands up. We have you surrounded.
Chad Ghostal: Zorak, you fink! You ratted me out!
Zorak: Ratt? I remember those guys!
Moltar: They're reuniting at Red Rocks this summer.
Chad Ghostal: Okay, flatfoot, you may have found me, you may have ruined my twisted dreams of sweaty fame and fortune, but you won't take swingin' Chad Ghostal without a massacre.
Zorak: No, Chad, don't leave me here!
Chad Ghostal: Sorry, babe, I'm splittin' this scene.
Zorak: Take me with you!
Moltar: Take me too!
Zorak: He can't carry us both, you're too fat!
Moltar: But you never leave a man behind!
Chad Ghostal: Well, it's been real, folks, but before I split, let me just say...
Police Officer: Oh no, he's gonna sing!
Chad Ghostal: (swing music starts, studio darkens with a spot on Chad; he sings:)It's been real,It's been fun,
Sam Butera: Groovy.
Chad Ghostal: Hey, I even got to hurt someone.
Brak: (whimpering moan)
Chad Ghostal: It's been a blast,
Sam Butera: Hey, baby.
Chad Ghostal: But our time has past.Don't cry, b-baby.You knew it couldn't last.It's been a blast,
Zorak: Yeah!
Chad Ghostal: A total blast,
Zorak: Yeah! Yeah!
Chad Ghostal: Another blast! (aims power bands at Zorak & fires them)
Zorak: Hey! (BLAM!)
Chad Ghostal: Ooo yeah, baby, what a crazy blast! (scats) (singing ends) Oh yeah! Thank you! (flies off)
Moltar: Que sera sera. Now what?
Zorak: I don't know. All I can think about is the mysterious fate of Space Ghost. (pause) That, and.. cheese steaks. Philadelphia cheese steaks (big band music starts again)
Zorak & Moltar: (in unison) Road trap! (both laugh, monitor shows text:)
WHEN THE FEELING HITS YOU
(Credits roll)
Brak: (whimpering moan)
(Cash register sound)

GUEST STARSThe MillionaireSam Butera
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSBill Wilner(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMichael LeFevre
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldJoe RedaSean O'Rourke
VOICESC. Martin CrokerBrad AbelleKen OsbournAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin CrokerDave Strandquest
ANIMATORSC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSCombustible EdisonThe House of FunCreative Edge Inc.Blake EisemanDoppler StudiosScott Balkcom
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 51 - "Piledriver"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:51
Title:Piledriver
Original Air Date:November 13, 1997
Guest Stars:Rob Zombie, Raven Symone

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Camera zooms in on barn with "School Dance" sign on front. Inside, Freddy, Daphne, Shaggy and Velma are all dancing to 60's music. Their lines are voiced over as indicated below)
Space Ghost: (as Shaggy) This is a groovy dance floor, isn't it Velma?
Moltar: (as Velma) Yeah. Why don't you try dancing on it instead of my feet?
Zorak: (as Scooby Doo) (taps Shaggy's shoulder) Ray I rut in? (dances with Shaggy)
Moltar: (as Velma) Well! I've seen a wallflower before, but this is ridiculous!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, citizens! I'm Space Ghost. What do you get when you cross a zombie with a raven? A very dead bird.
Grandpa Ghostal: (in the wings) Yes sir! Dead as a doornail! That is what ya get, yeah!
Zorak: Who's the geezer?
Space Ghost: Also visiting tonight is my granddad, all the way from Boca Raton.
Grandpa Ghostal: The Sunshine State, ooooh yeah!
Zorak: Sounds like Randy Savage.
Space Ghost: Well, it's not, Zorak, it's my granddad, okay? So you can just shut up about that, Zorak.
Grandpa Ghostal: Ooooh yeah, you tell him, Taddy!
Zorak: Well, it looks like you with a pasted-on beard.
Space Ghost: It's not, Zorak, okay? Those are real hairs, I can see 'em from here.
Grandpa Ghostal: Who's that little runt over there, is that Blip?
Space Ghost: No, Grandpa, that's Zorak.
Grandpa Ghostal: How ya doin', Blip? I need to start you out with some chin-ups.
Zorak: Stay away from me, old fool.
Grandpa Ghostal: Who's that red-headed fellow over there?
Space Ghost: That's Moltar, my director.
Grandpa Ghostal: Moltar, from "The Ovens of Moltor." I met your father once in a steel cage match. I wish you could've seen your old man! Weepin' like a woman after my patented piledriver! Yeah, your dad remembers me. Ooooh yeah! (monitor shows text:)
MAN MOUNTAIN MIKE VS THE HANGMAN
Moltar: But he whupped up on you pretty good in the Texas death match. (Monitor shows text:)
THUNDERBOLT PATTERSON VS KOA
Grandpa Ghostal: Huh! 'Cause he snuck up behind me with a foreign object. He shoulda been disqualified!
Moltar: Hey, if the ref didn't see it, it didn't happen! (monitor shows text:)
CAM 3ATOMIC KELLY SMASHTOMMY??? VS SANDMAN
Space Ghost: Hey, break it up, you two. It's time for my first guest.
Grandpa Ghostal: Oh, yeah, talk show, go for it.
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) (clears throat) My first guest tonight...
Grandpa Ghostal: I'll be over here if you need me.
Space Ghost: (pause) ... is Rob Zombie, of the band White...
Grandpa Ghostal: Won't say a word!
Space Ghost: (pause) ... White Zombie. (monitor lowers with Rob) Welcome, Mr. Zombie!
Rob Zombie: Thank you, Mr. Ghost.
Space Ghost: So, I hear you're a zombie. That must really be something.
Rob Zombie: It's not, there's not a whole lot to being an undead guy.
Space Ghost: I hear you zombies like to eat people.
Rob Zombie: Wake up in the morning, have my Cheerios, you know, go back to bed. You don't get to do much.
Grandpa Ghostal: Except eat people!
Rob Zombie: It's not true.
Space Ghost: Oh, it's true alright, my grandpa just said so.
Rob Zombie: Look, if I said it wasn't true the first time, it's not true the second time, buddy.
Grandpa Ghostal: Hey there, cannibal, that's my grandson you're talkin' to!
Zorak: (laughs) You tell him, Pappy!
Grandpa Ghostal: Shut it, Blip!
Zorak: It's Zorak, you crusty...
MEANWHILE,ON THE PLANET OFTHE TINYHUT-PEOPLE...
(Saucer crab descends and lands on alien planet)
Saucer Crab: Gozar of the tiny hut-people, now is the time for your weekly beating.
Gozar: (comes out of a tiny metallic hut) Is that you, saucer crab?
Saucer Crab: (ray gun pops up, blasts Gozar and hut to smithereens) Ha-ha-Ha! Ha-ha-Ha! Ha-ha-Ha! See you next Thursday! (flies off)
(Back in the studio)
Rob Zombie: You followin' me, space boy?
Grandpa Ghostal: Who you callin' 'boy'?
Rob Zombie: Yeah, that's right, muscle boy.
Grandpa Ghostal: Show him your awesome deltoids, Tadville!
Space Ghost: Like this, Grandpa? (stands up and stretches muscles several times)
Grandpa Ghostal: Flex it out more, space man!
Rob Zombie: They inflateable? They look fake.
Grandpa Ghostal: Tag out, Taddie, I wanna taste some zombie meat!
Space Ghost: Please, Grandpa, I can handle this myself.
Rob Zombie: You're a sad pathetic man.
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Grandpa Ghostal: Tag out! I'll rip his face off!
Space Ghost: Grandpa, please! I can manage this situation in a civil and orderly...
Grandpa Ghostal: Talk, talk, talk, is that all you're good for?
Space Ghost: Well, well I...
Grandpa Ghostal: Gabbity gab, just like your mother.
Space Ghost: Hey, let's leave Mom...
Grandpa Ghostal: What kind of superhero are you? Isn't there a planet out there that needs your help or somethin'?
Space Ghost: Sure, but...
Grandpa Ghostal: You got three seconds to get outta here before I break out the atomic elbow, brotha!
Space Ghost: (stares at him)
Grandpa Ghostal: One! ...
Space Ghost: (sighs, then flies off)
Moltar: Okay, Zombie, looks like Grandpa's taken over. (Monitor shows text:)
SAT T4ONE-LEGGED BOSTON CRAB
Rob Zombie: I'll knock that little freak silly.
Grandpa Ghostal: Time to step into the squared circle, son.
Rob Zombie: I'm here, make your move.
Grandpa Ghostal: Welcome to Leonard Ghostal's Twilight Zone, yeah!
Rob Zombie: You're dead, nobody wants you anymore, your time's up.
Grandpa Ghostal: No, your time's up! (fires his power bands, they make wimpy popping sounds and a few sparks) Dagnabbit!
Zorak: You're shooting blanks, Grandpa!
Grandpa Ghostal: Shut your pie hole, Blip! Why, twenty years ago I woulda put your head in a half nelson, twisted it around, saying each letter of the alphabet on every turn, and then when I reached the first letter of my true love's name, it would be the lovely Elizabeth, I would yank your head clean off and roll it down the pike like a bowling ball!
Zorak: (wide-eyed) Okay.
Grandpa Ghostal: Alright, here we go, what're we doin'?
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Grandpa Ghostal: (Monitor shows text:)
CAM 3ATOMIC KELLY SMASH9/11/66TOMMY ???? SANDMAN
(followed by)
CAM 3BULLDOG HEADLOCK9/11/66MAN MOUNTAIN MIKE VS THE HANGMAN
Grandpa Ghostal: And that's how I captured the world television title, during "Clash of the Cosmos IV", in front of...(monitor shows text:)
THUNDERBOLT PATTERSON VS KOA
Moltar: You're on, old-timer.
Grandpa Ghostal: Don't crowd me, Ringo.
Moltar: It's time for the next guest.
Grandpa Ghostal: Where is she, is she invisible? (Raven is on the monitor, Grandpa is looking towards Zorak)
Zorak: Look at the monitor!
Grandpa Ghostal: Whatsit?
Moltar: Look at the TV, on your right!
Grandpa Ghostal: Ooh! Hey there, little girl, what's your name?
Raven Symone: Well, I'm Raven Symone, and I'm ten years old. I was on "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper" and "The Cosby Show".
Grandpa Ghostal: (shouting) Did you know that you're on the TV?
Raven Symone: Yes! Just like you.
Grandpa Ghostal: (shouting) Have you met any famous people on the TV?
Zorak: Stop yelling, she can hear you.
Raven Symone: I've met Whitney Houston, I've met Michael Jackson, I've met...
Grandpa Ghostal: Have you met Haystacks Calhoun? He was a mountain of a man! I sent him home to Mommy with a rollin' DDT! How about Gorgeous George? Chief "Wahoo" McDaniel? Leaping Lanny? Wildfire Tommy Rich? They all fell victim to my credit! Purple, nurple, Jerry Belly, oh yeah! (Zorak sips coffee and Moltar reads a book during this monolog)
Raven Symone: (stares back in silence)
Grandpa Ghostal: You still with me?
MEANWHILE,AT THE LAIR OFTHE MIND TAKER...
Space Ghost: Well, The Mind Taker, it seems that you have me tied up!
Mind Taker: (blasts Space Ghost in the face with rays from his eyes)
Space Ghost: (grunts and groans) (I don't know, maybe Grandpa was right. I kinda miss this.)
Mind Taker: (stops blasting) (giggles)
Space Ghost: I will not let you defeat me, vile villain!
Mind Taker: (blasts Space Ghost again)
Space Ghost: (grunts and groans) (Oh, what am I thinking? My heart's not really in this. I don't really belong here. Man, how long can he keep this up?)
(Back in the studio)
Raven Symone: Yeah, I can, like, do all sorts of stuff, I can bend my pinky back, and I can...
Grandpa Ghostal: Don't you raise a hand to me, missy, I'll put you in a figure four leg lock!
Raven Symone: I haven't done anything bad yet.
Zorak: Except for this show! (evil laugh)
Grandpa Ghostal: Shut up, Blip, or I'll slam your head so far down between your shoulder blades, you'll have to open that vest to face your own anguish as I hold a mirror up to your midsection! Yeah!
(Back in The Mind Taker's lair)
Mind Taker: (continues blasting Space Ghost and giggling)
Space Ghost: (Yeah, this is gonna get infected.)
(Back in the studio)
Grandpa Ghostal: You ever get the thrill of slingin' one of your little school chums against the mat and watchin' their eyes roll back in their head like they're some kind of little freak?
Raven Symone: No, not really, I try to be, you know, nice to people.
Grandpa Ghostal: You don't know what you're missin', little missy! The back breaker, yeah!
(Crowd noise grows in background, while Granpa Ghostal goes on talking)
Moltar: (wrestling announcer style) What's this? Zorak has picked up a folding chair. Seems to be making his way to deskside. I tell ya, you don't want someone comin' at you with one of those things, you can do some serious damage. I wanna take this time to apologize to the television audience for what they're about to see. (as Moltar talks, monitor shows text:)
RED THE RIPPER VS ???JACK???
Zorak: (who has been walking towards the desk with a folding chair) (bashes Grandpa repeatly with the chair)
Moltar: Ohhhh! Let's not forget that Leonard Ghostal is retired. And that act of violence was very extreme!
Grandpa Ghostal: (lying on the floor) (groans)
Zorak: Yeah, you had it comin', Ghostal! (hears sound of screeching tires, looks wide-eyed)
Moltar: Uh oh!
Space Ghost: (invisos to set) Grandpa! What happened?
Zorak: Uh, he fell down.
Moltar: Because of an.. accident. That happened.
Zorak: That made him.. fall down.
Grandpa Ghostal: Is, is that you, Thaddeus?
Space Ghost: Are you alright?! Talk to me, Grandpa, say something!
Grandpa Ghostal: Your pet monkey hit me with a folding chair.
Space Ghost: (aims power bands at Zorak, prepares to fire)
Zorak: Hol-hol-hol-hol-hold it... The, uh, the Cosby kid made me do it.
Space Ghost: Be gone, wicked girl child of television's "Hanging with Mr. Cooper"! (zaps Raven off the monitor)
Zorak: Good shot! She was askin' for it. It's about time you did somethin' about her. She was trouble.
Grandpa Ghostal: (gets up and sneaks toward Zorak while he is talking) Aaaah! (jumps in front of Zorak and hits him with the back of his forearm) Taste the pain, brotha! (he holds Zorak upside down)
Zorak: Mommy! That's my bad knee! Mommy!
(Knock knock knock!) (Everybody stops what they are doing)
Moltar: What can I do for ya?
Saucer Crab: Space Ghost, please.
Moltar: Space Ghost, there's a saucer crab out here to see ya.
Saucer Crab: I wish to give him the beating of his life.
Space Ghost: (slinks down behind his desk) Tell him I'm not here.
Grandpa Ghostal: What?!
Moltar: He says he's not here.
Saucer Crab: Come outside, sniveling coward. Now is the time for your weekly beating.
Grandpa Ghostal: Beating?
Space Ghost: Shh, Grandpa, be quiet, and maybe he'll go away.
Grandpa Ghostal: Punk him out, Tadley!
Space Ghost: But he has a death ray!
Grandpa Ghostal: Well, if you're not gonna do it, then I will! I'm callin' you out, crab! (flies off)
Space Ghost: (in commanding voice) You go ahead, Grandpa, I'll take care of things here.
Grandpa Ghostal: (flying toward saucer crab) I'll show you what you get when you go mano y mano with the Gray Ghost.
(Hatch opens, tractor beam catches Grandpa and draws him upwards)
Grandpa Ghostal: What?! Ahh! Ooooh! Usin' a tractor beam on an old man, eh?
Saucer Crab: Silence, old man! (door closes)
Grandpa Ghostal: It's okay, Les, I think we're out of range.
(Credits roll)
Saucer Crab: Was that too much?
Grandpa Ghostal: No, no, no, you were great! Thanks for the rescue, man!
Saucer Crab: Don't mention it.
Grandpa Ghostal: Who's, uh, next on the beating list?
Saucer Crab: Earthling Mary Hart.
Grandpa Ghostal: Finally, some Entertainment Tonight! (laughs)
Saucer Crab: (laughs)
(Sound of folding chair connecting with Grandpa's head)

GUEST STARSRob ZombieRaven Symone
WRITERSMark BankerRich DahmAlan Laddie
EDITORSBill WilnerJon Schnepp(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave Willisand"Macho Man" Randy Savage
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDave StrandquestMatthew I. Jenkins
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave SillmanButch Seibert
INK & PAINTMaury IngramPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTMatt Lind
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSWCWAlan SharpRon Rose ProductionsCarolina PicturesKen BradyJay EdwardsGordon Solie
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 52 - "Suckup"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:52
Title:Suckup
Original Air Date:November 20, 1997
Guest Stars:John Henson, Bob Goen

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(In the commissary)
Space Ghost: I'm putting you idiots on notice. I want tonight's show to go off like clockwork, or else.
Zorak: Or else what?
Space Ghost: I'll heave you into the moat.
Zorak: We have a moat?
Moltar: Is it one of those above-ground redwood jobs?
Space Ghost: Nope, it's eight foot deep, steel reinforced concrete, with a smooth gunnite surface.
Moltar: D'ya have that installed with a permaflex?
Zorak: You got the polyurethane coat?
Moltar: If you didn't, you got robbed.
Space Ghost: Listen, we have two of TV's movers and shakers on the show tonight. If we play our cards right, we'll all be frolicking on the dock as we drink from the sweet gravy boat of success.
Moltar: Mmmm, gravy! I can almost taste it.
Space Ghost: Oh, why don't you go on up and order a big bowl of it?
Zorak: Hey, uh, get me one too.
Space Ghost: Yes! Get us all one.
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in, with gravy mustache) Greetings, I'm Space Ghost. We've all been drinking gravy, and preparing to suck up mightily to tonight's guests, (reads with great difficulty) Talk show Soup person John host Henson, and Goen Bob Entertainment person Tonight.
Brak: (off stage) I heard Hanson was here.
Space Ghost: Not Hanson, Henson. John Henson
Brak: Ohhh. Oh. Hey, Space Ghost, you got somethin' on your face.
Zorak: It's gravy.
Brak: Where'd ya get gravy?!
Space Ghost: In the commissary.
Brak: What is it, giblet?!
Moltar: No, it's brown.
Brak: Brown?! I'm goin' down there now! (scats to himself)
Space Ghost: Zorak, play something funky, I need to go get a Wet Wipe.
(Way Outs play some schmaltzy TV theme music)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk, with a clean lip) Alrighty then! Please say hello to our first guest, Mr. John Henson.
John Henson: (lowers from ceiling on monitor) Hey, how are ya?
Space Ghost: No, Mr. Henson, the question is, how are you? You comfy? You know, you look quite beautiful tonight.
John Henson: Hm? Sorry?
Space Ghost: I said, you look very handsome tonight. You know, I know this girl, she'd be perfect for you.
John Henson: Do ya.
Space Ghost: She's really nice. Actually, she's my sister Judy. You'd like her a lot.
John Henson: Right.
Zorak: (whispering) Hey!
Moltar: (whispering) Hey! Hey, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: She's so nice.
John Henson: Right!
Moltar: (whispering) Hey, Space Ghost, not Judy. No, no no, pass.
Zorak: (whispering) Ya tryin' to scare him away?
Space Ghost: (low voice) Sssh, we'll find somebody else to play my sister.
Moltar: (whispering) You're gonna screw up this whole deal!
Space Ghost: (low voice) Don't worry, I know what I'm doing. (normal voice) Because we want you to have a pleasant time on the show.
John Henson: Okay.
Space Ghost: And after the show.
John Henson: (long pause) Oh.
Space Ghost: Alrighty then. It's a date! Now, back to your stunning good looks. Do you use a conditioner or a creme rinse for your defect? I mean hair, hair hair is what I said.
John Henson: Uh, well, I have a skunk spot (points to side of his head)
Space Ghost: (gasps) You're kidding! We wouldn't have even noticed if you hadn't pointed it out.
Moltar: Really? Uh, which si-, ooh, yeah, right there.
Zorak: Looks like a third eye to me.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Moltar: (low voice) Shhhh! Hey, hey hey hey, ix-nay on the ot-spay.
Space Ghost: (low voice) You idiot!
Zorak: I, I mean, I like it. I like the third eye. It's neat.
Space Ghost: That's the nicest third eye I've ever seen.
John Henson: You like that, don't you?
Space Ghost: Love it.
John Henson: Big with the chicks!
Moltar: Oh, your money, baby!
John Henson: Am I?
Zorak: (sings) Let's hear it for the spo-o-o-ot!
John Henson: Zorak, please.
Space Ghost: You know, Mr. Henson, around these parts, we often refer to your show as the greatest program ever in the history of television. You have any pet names for my show?
John Henson: Uh, that freaky cartoon thing, and, um, sometimes we just call it, uh, The Zorak Hour.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Oh yeah!
(Scene dissolves with harp music, to Zorak's imagination sequence)
Zorak: And so I crushed it in my bare hands! (evil laugh)
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: (in the keyboard pod) (laughs)
Zorak: Hey, shut up, fat boy!
Space Ghost: As you wish, my green lord.
Zorak: Now, play me some music, and it better be good!
Audience: (laughter)
Space Ghost: Don't hurt me, master.
Zorak: I'm comin' to get you! (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: No! Put that down! Not that! No! No!!
(Screen dissolves with harp music, back to original set)
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: The Zorak Hour?
John Henson: I shouldn't have said that. I...
Space Ghost: (aims power bands at John) How do you feel about The Zorak Hour now?
John Henson: Oh, um... I'd, I'd feel fear.
Moltar: (whispering) Space Ghost, don't do this.
Zorak: (whispering) You're blowin' it!
Space Ghost: (I'm blowing it!) John! Buddy! (stops aiming) Hold on, I wasn't gonna shoot ya! Just kidding! We do that with everybody here. We're still friends, right?
John Henson: Yeah, I would consider you and I to be very good friends, very close friends, in fact, I, I don't know if I'm movin' too quickly for you, but I, I think you might be my best friend at this point.
Space Ghost: Really??
John Henson: Yeah.
Space Ghost: So, you'll let me host your show sometime.
John Henson: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Which will, of course, lead to a lucrative picture deal.
John Henson: (nods) Absolutely.
Space Ghost: Can we go to the fun place?
John Henson: The fun time place, sure, sure!
Space Ghost: I'm gonna drop your name at parties!
John Henson: (laughs) Drop it, man. (sound of glass breaking) Let it fall, drop that name and see where it gets ya.
Space Ghost: We're a team now, Johnny. Let's go kick some butt.
John Henson: Okay, deal.
Space Ghost: (low voice) Starting with Oprah.
John Henson: I don't think anyone's beaten Oprah, man.
Space Ghost: Wait 'til she tastes my vanilla thunder!
John Henson: I'd like to see you dunk over Oprah. You think you could post her up?
Space Ghost: Oh, I'd post her up all right. You don't have to worry about that, my man.
John Henson: (laughs) Take Oprah to the hole, I dare ya!
Space Ghost: I'm off to take Oprah to the hole. (flies off) (floating in space) I'll never be able to take Oprah to the hole. I'll just fly around a while and lie about it later.
John Henson: Um, I've often thought that deep inside me there's a big Slavic nurse, just waiting to get out.
Moltar: Whoa! Where did that come from?
Zorak: Is that true?
John Henson: No, I just made that up.
Moltar: Oh. 'Cause, I was gonna ask you to release her, if you could.
Zorak: Release her! Release the big Slavic nurse!
John Henson: Yeah, I bet you'd like me to, wouldn't ya?
Moltar: Well... sure.
Zorak: Of course.
John Henson: You and everybody else, pal. Sorry, you don't have the money.
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk) Oprah's outside game was a shambles. I exploited her weaknesses time and again.
Zorak: You just flew around for a while, didn't you?
Space Ghost: Um, Oprah and I... dribbled the ball.
Moltar: Didn't ya?!
Space Ghost: Yes. Mr. Henson, does your tongue ever get sore?
John Henson: I'm sorry?
Space Ghost: From talkin'. 'Cause mine sure does. After fifteen minutes of this, man, the ol' lickin' strip swells up like a big meatball.
John Henson: My tongue ever get sore?
Space Ghost: Yeah, you know, when you...
John Henson: What kind of question is that? What kind of a person do you think I am? "Does my tongue get sore?"
Space Ghost: Uh, did I say something wrong?
John Henson: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (Backpeddle, rephrase question.) Hey, John, wanna see my tongue?
John Henson: No!
Space Ghost: (Oh no, I've lost it.)
John Henson: (to Zorak) Is it me?
Zorak: It's not you, John, you're great. It's him!
Space Ghost: (hesitant) John, I thought we were friends.
John Henson: You know that I promote you, right?
Space Ghost: Yes, sir.
John Henson: Right, so careful. I made you, and I can break you.
Space Ghost: Yeah, but I still get to host your show, right?
John Henson: I don't know if you could carry one off.
Space Ghost: Hey, no fair, you said I could... (sound of bee buzzing) Aaah! A bee! A bee! There's a bee in the studio! Aaaah!
John Henson: Oh no!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: This is fun, are you ready for this? Mr. Henson and I were actually co-presenters at the Dallas Local Ace awards. Real good guy, yep, real good guy.
Zorak: It's, um...
Space Ghost: (belches) Oh, thank heavens, I thought he'd never leave.
Moltar: (throws lever) Uh, Bob, can you hear me? (monitor shows text:)
RECEIVINGVAYA CON
Bob Goen: (on control room monitor) ... you either.
Moltar: Bob!
Bob Goen: Hey, how you doin'? This David?
Moltar: No, Bob, it's Moltar. Are you...
Bob Goen: How you doin', Space Ghost?
Moltar: Eh, no no Bob, Moltar. I'm gonna patch you through to Space Ghost.
Bob Goen: Okay, I'll refer to him as...
Moltar: Space Ghost.
Bob Goen: Space Ghost?
Moltar: Space Ghost!
Bob Goen: 'Kay, great.
Moltar: Ten seconds, Bob.
Bob Goen: Uh, you know, I enjoy the work you do, and...
Moltar: Bob?
Bob Goen: You know, interviewing celebrities is not...
Moltar: Bob?
Bob Goen: ... easy, and watching you do it...
Moltar: Bob!
Bob Goen: Pardon?
Moltar: I'm Moltar.
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, host of Entertainment Tonight, Bob Goen!
Bob Goen: (lowers from ceiling on monitor) Uh...
Space Ghost: Hey, Bob, how's it Goen? (laughs) Get it?
Bob Goen: Yeah, yeah, life's pretty cool.
Space Ghost: Know what I think, Bob? I think you're pretty cool.
Bob Goen: Wh-, why is that?
Space Ghost: Oh, you know. A lot of different reasons.
Bob Goen: (nods)
Space Ghost: You are one pretty man.
Bob Goen: Yeah. Aren't you envious?
Space Ghost: (laughs forcefully)
Bob Goen: Really? That's an interesting response.
Space Ghost: Interesting is my middle name, Bob. That's why you should have me on your show as soon as possible.
Bob Goen: You know, see, you're thinkin', you, you have a big, uh, a grand career plan, don't you?
Space Ghost: I'm only thinking of you, Bob.
Bob Goen: You are?
Space Ghost: (quietly) And me, being on Entertainment Tonight.
Bob Goen: You know, we get a lotta letters, asking about, uh, when we're gonna have a, a animated talk show from outer space on the show.
Space Ghost: And?
Bob Goen: And, so now that you're here...
Zorak: Hey! What about us?
Space Ghost: Yeah, you guys too.
Moltar: You were gonna leave us out, weren't ya?
Zorak: Yeah, and take all the glory for yourself!
Space Ghost: No, no, we're a team! (to Bob, quietly) They mean nothing to me, Bob.
Bob Goen: Yeah, I can understand.
Space Ghost: Dead.. weight.
Bob Goen: Is your, your, uh, schedule is pretty open?
Space Ghost: Well, let me tell ya, Bob. I'm busy for about fifteen minutes a week, but outside of that, I'm all yours.
Bob Goen: Oh. Wow. Okay.
Space Ghost: All I ask in return is a couple of tickets to see your predecessor, my man Tesh.
Bob Goen: I can get you there. I can get you in the door.
Space Ghost: Bob, you're the best. I'll have my people call your people.
Bob Goen: Really?
Space Ghost: Actually, I'll probably just call you myself from a payphone.
Bob Goen: I see.
Space Ghost: Hey, I have an idea! Why don't you practice interviewing me now, then it will be more spontaneous when we do it for real later.
Bob Goen: That's right, yeah. Uh, so, uh, Space Ghost, if you could be any animal in the world, what would it be, and why?
Space Ghost: Um... I would think... an eel.
Bob Goen: Why would you say an eel?
Space Ghost: Just because they're so neat.
Bob Goen: (nods) 'Kay, great. Uh...
Moltar: Space Ghost! (monitor shows text:)
COMMISARY SECTORA L E R T
COMMISARY SECTORDANGER.
Space Ghost: What is it, Moltar?
Moltar: There's a flood in the commissary!
Space Ghost: What!?
Moltar: Brak left the gravy faucet on!
Space Ghost: (gasps) The gravy!
Moltar: It's a brown onion-flavored nightmare down there!
Brak: Give me some biscuits, quick! (keeps jabbering)
Space Ghost: Moltar, seal the bulkhead!
Moltar: (throws lever) It's too late for that!
Space Ghost: Bilge out the bow and port thrusters! (monitor shows text:)
DANGER
Moltar: (throws lever) It's just too much gravy! The pumps can't take it!
Brak: It's flooding like you wouldn't blblblblbl....
Space Ghost: Bob, I need to get down there before Brak drowns in rich creamy coagulated meat juices! (flies off)
Bob Goen: Oh. (back to control room monitor) Thanks, Space Ghost, I've really enjoyed myself.
Moltar: (sighs) No, Bob, it's Moltar.
Bob Goen: Exactly, yeah. Um...
Zorak: Save your breath, chief.
Moltar: Space Ghost is gone.
Bob Goen: Oh, really?
Zorak: He blew you off!
Bob Goen: You know what?
Moltar: Uh...
Bob Goen: That Tesh concert, forget it. He's not goin'.
(Credits roll)
Brak: I need to sop up the juicy flavor of the blblblblblbl....

GUEST STARSJohn HensonBob Goen
WRITERSMatt HarriganAlan Laddie
EDITORSJay EdwardsKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDave Strandquest
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSJohn HensonThe Entire Henson FamilyFriends of John HensonAcquaintances of John HensonThat Girl Who Was Nice to John in 7th Grade Algebra Class
SPECIAL THANKSBob GoenThe Entire Goen FamilyFriends of Bob GoenAcquaintances of Bob GoenMr. Goen's Hairstyling TeamBob's Prom Date
SPECIAL THANKSThe Fine People at Talk SoupThe Fine People at Entertainment Tonightand Especially You- The Viewer
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVEPRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 53 - "Dam"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:53
Title:Dam
Original Air Date:December 4, 1997
Guest Star:Charlton Heston

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost is flying in the Phantom Cruiser, listening to a self-help tape)
Voice: And so it's easy to see why superheroes are at a crossroads. Driven to succeed, yet encumbered by images of the traditional superhero icon, increasingly at odds with today's societal structure.
Space Ghost: Tell me about it.
Voice: Following are my seven superhero salvos for success. Repeat these at will.
Space Ghost: Alright.
Voice: Number one: I am in charge.
Space Ghost: I am in charge.
Voice: Number two: Mine is an energy that I choose to share.
Space Ghost: Mine is an energy that I choose to share.
Voice: Number three: Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
(Phantom Cruiser starts making strange noises)
Space Ghost: Oh, what's that?
Voice: Number four: There's no telling when your time will come.
Space Ghost: ????. come on. Come on, baby, don't do this to me today. I can't handle it.
Voice: Number five: love the moment...
Space Ghost: Shut up, you stupid tape!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, citizens! I'm Space Ghost. Joining me tonight is Acadamy Award winning actor, Charlton Heston.
Zorak: (in background) I'm coppin' an attitude!
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Tonight! I'm coppin' an attitude!
Space Ghost: Fine, go ahead.
Moltar: I'm coppin' one too!
Space Ghost: Oh, really.
Moltar: You bet! I am coppin' an attitude! (monitor shows text:)
BOAKE TACKMANRUBY GENTRY '52
Space Ghost: That's good.
Moltar: I've had enough, and I'm not takin' anymore!
Zorak: That's right! We're layin' it down!
Moltar: And ain't no way, no how are you gonna tell me different!
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: We're settin' the tone, baby!
Moltar: That's right! That is the way it's gonna be, friend! And if you don't like it...
Zorak: You know what you can do!
Moltar: (evil laugh) I heard that!
Zorak: Oh yeah!
Space Ghost: I'm gonna go to the desk, okay?
Zorak: Go on, try, see what you get!
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Here I am now, at the desk.
Moltar: You got lucky, pal! (monitor shows text:)
COLT SAUNDERSTHREE VIOLENT PEOPLE '56
Zorak: You try it next time, you see what you get!
Space Ghost: Villains, listen to me.
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Try as you may, you will not knock my moon out of orbit and upset my tides of well-being-ness.
Moltar: What are you talking about?
Space Ghost: Space Ghost of the Cosmos is now perfect... serene... (monitor shows text:)
CHRYSAGONTHE WAR LORD '65
Zorak: Stupid!
Space Ghost: ... and centered. Let's all synchronize our hearts.
Zorak: No!
Space Ghost: Moltar? I am ready to receive my guest.
Moltar: (mutters) All right. (throws lever, sends Charlton to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen.
Charlton Heston: (lowering from ceiling) Greetings, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Go on, tell everyone who you are.
Charlton Heston: (silent)
Space Ghost: Come on.
Charlton Heston: I am Charlton Heston.
Space Ghost: Yes! Our first Academy Award winner.
Charlton Heston: Really?
Space Ghost: Really.
Charlton Heston: Wow.
Space Ghost: You think the Academy would honor me for my talk show work?
Charlton Heston: Um... let me be honest with you. I don't think so.
Space Ghost: I want one of those trophies, Carlton.
Charlton Heston: Okay, you do?
Space Ghost: I want your trophy. Get it!
Charlton Heston: Okay, okay.
Space Ghost: Wooooo!! All right! Look at me! Oscar winner Space Ghost! Woo Hoo!
Voice: (The vain man glorfies himself, while the self-actualized individual glorifies others.)
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. Chuck, you too are pretty good. I... can call you Chuck, can't I?
Charlton Heston: You bet, you bet.
Space Ghost: How about Chuckles?
Charlton Heston: If you insist.
Space Ghost: Oh, oh oh, wait wait wait, how about Cheston? See, it's a cross between your first name, which is Charlton, and your second name...
Charlton Heston: Um, no. I don't think so.
Space Ghost: (pause) Never say "no, I don't think so". Try saying "yes, I think so".
Charlton Heston: Oh, I see.
Space Ghost: The word "impossible" is a mistake, Chuck. It's really "I'm possible". (smile sparkles)
Charlton Heston: You're all by yourself?
Space Ghost: I've got my enemies here. But... you know... no friends.
Moltar: That's right!
Zorak: I ain't his friend! (monitor shows text:)
PEER GYNT '41
Moltar: If you were to ask me if I were his friend, I would say "No!" to you.
Zorak: I heard that!
Charlton Heston: Doesn't it get lonely?
Space Ghost: I go to parties.
Charlton Heston: Oh, you go to parties?
Space Ghost: In my head.
Charlton Heston: Yeah, I sense there's a hidden identity there.
Space Ghost: There's a party all the time there. Sometimes the neighbors up there complain, so I try to turn down the music. Only I can't. Because there are no knobs there.
Charlton Heston: No, no, I understand, I'm, that's, that's fine. That.. let's let it pass.
Space Ghost: What's wrong? What's that? We're out of punch? I'll be right back.
Moltar: Uh, who're you talkin' to?
Space Ghost: I'm back. It turns out I have an unlimited supply of punch.
Moltar: I want some punch.
Space Ghost: For the parties.
Charlton Heston: Okay.
Space Ghost: In my head.
Zorak: (sighs) Get on with the show!
Space Ghost: Are you gettin' enough oxygen, Chuck?
Charlton Heston: Absolutely, I breathe very well in many atmospheres.
Space Ghost: Including the Planet of the Apes? They say there's nothing more fragrant than a hot ape.
Charlton Heston: The odd thing about that movie, was all the gorillas sat at lunch...
Space Ghost: (starts laughing)
Charlton Heston: This is no kidding, this is honest truth.
Space Ghost: Oh, really?
Charlton Heston: All the gorillas sat at one table at lunch, and all the chimpanzees sat at another, and all the orangutans sat at another.
Zorak: (while Charlton is talking) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) Hey, cut it out!
Charlton Heston: And, uh, the humans were ????...
Moltar: (while Charlton is talking) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Space Ghost: Stop it!! I'm afraid my sidekicks are copping an attitude, Chuck.
Charlton Heston: Oh, I see.
Zorak: (continues making noise)
Moltar: (does the same)
(continue to make noises as they talk)
Space Ghost: Been doin' this all day in here.
Charlton Heston: Yeah, that's clear, that's clear.
Space Ghost: Breathe with me, Charlton.
Charlton Heston: Okay.
Space Ghost: (takes deep breath, then exhales) Weather the storm.
Charlton Heston: Okay.
Voice: (Away with confusion.)
Space Ghost: Aaaaaaa! (aims his power band at Zorak)
Zorak: Aa aa aa aa! Remember, vengeance is the refuge of the weak.
Voice: (He's right, Space Ghost.)
Space Ghost: Let me just give him one.
Voice: (No, rise above the fray.)
Zorak: Listen to her.
Voice: (You're not trying.)
Space Ghost: Can I just...
Voice: (No.)
Space Ghost: Just one?
Voice: (No.)
Space Ghost: (sighs) Fine.
Charlton Heston: (gets zapped by Zorak) Oh, oh! Don't do that, don't do...
Space Ghost: Little green freak! (blasts Zorak)
Zorak: Hey, what, no... Aaaah!! (Blam!)
Voice: (Vengeance is the refuge of the weak.)
Space Ghost: (puts his hand over his face) I know.
Zorak: (crisped) (coughs) Idiot! (coughs)
Space Ghost: All existence is chaos, Chuck. The self-empowered man realizes this...
Charlton Heston: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: ... and rises like an eagle above the tangled teaming masses.
Charlton Heston: Wow.
Space Ghost: Talons out, ready to swoop.
Charlton Heston: You're very perceptive, Space Ghost, I wouldn't have...
Space Ghost: ... thought that I had a new age spirituality? Well, surprise, Chuck, I'm a 90's guy.
Charlton Heston: Did you have any, uh...
Zorak: Talent?
Charlton Heston: ... how can I put it...
Zorak: Class? Intelligence?
Charlton Heston: Formal education?
Space Ghost: Define "formal"
Charlton Heston: I don't want to...
Moltar: (throws lever, Charlton starts talking at double speed, monitor shows text:)
SAT 12DATA ALGORITHMCOMPRESSION
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Oh, that's mature!
Zorak: Slow him down! Make him sound creepy!
Moltar: (throws lever again, monitor text changes to
SAT 12DATA ALGORITHMEXPAND
and Charlton starts talking at half speed)
Zorak: (continues laughing)
Moltar: (continues laughing)
Space Ghost: (as Charlton moves his mouth in slow motion) Man, look at those teeth! Hey, wait a minute, is that...
Zorak: Spinach!
Space Ghost: (zaps Charlton on monitor, returning him to normal speed) Ya don't floss, do you, Chuck?
Charlton Heston: You caught me. Not regularly.
Space Ghost: Busted! I can spot an unflossed mouth from two miles away! That's one of my powers.
Charlton Heston: I suppose, yeah, okay, okay, no, I don't floss as regularly as I should.
Space Ghost: I don't talk about that power much. Not really one of my good powers, but still a power all the same.
Charlton Heston: Uh, you're, you seem perfectly fluent in English, can you read?
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: I like books on tape.
Charlton Heston: Oh, no no no no, we can do better than that, what about Shakespeare?
Space Ghost: What about books on tape?
Zorak: No.
Charlton Heston: No, nope. Shakespeare, that's the best of them all. You know Shakespeare.
Zorak: Nope.
Space Ghost: Not personally.
Charlton Heston: No... (puts his hand to his face) You know the writings of Shakespeare.
Space Ghost: We didn't have the theatre when I grew up, Chuck. We had hard work. Long days, mending the nets. Scaling the fish. No part of the fish was wasted, Chuck. We used the entire fish.
Charlton Heston: You sure, really, no kidding?
Space Ghost: (laughs) Of course I'm kidding!
Charlton Heston: Oh.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Fishing in space! Tell me, Chuck, ever thought of starring in a sequel to "The Ten Commandmants"?
Zorak: No.
Charlton Heston: Uh, I don't think so.
Space Ghost: Not a sequel man, eh?
Zorak: No.
Charlton Heston: What other commandments are we gonna write?
Zorak: Thou that smelled it thine own self dealt it.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Thou that smelled it thine own self dealt it.
Zorak: (fake laugh) Jerk.
Charlton Heston: Yeah, well...
Moltar: Thou shalt not... hesistate.
Charlton Heston: I'm kinda committed to the first ten.
Zorak: Thou shalt not be committed to old commandments!
Space Ghost: Zorak, one more commandment out of you, and thou shalt be blasted.
Moltar: Thou shalt not mess with Zorak, or thou shalt have to mess with me!
Space Ghost: All right, everybody, just calm down!
Moltar: Thou shalt not calm down!
Charlton Heston: I hesitate...
Moltar: Thou shalt not hesitate!!
Space Ghost: (blasts Moltar with his power bands)
Moltar: (laying on his back) Ohhhhh boy...
Zorak: Uh oh, now you've done it!
Moltar: We're now going to initiate the silent treatment. (monitor shows text:)
CHRYSAGONTHE WAR LORD '65
Zorak: I ain't saying jack!
Space Ghost: Fine. Good.
Moltar: As of right now, my friend... silence. (monitor shows text:)
COLT SAUNDERSTHREE VIOLENT PEOPLE '56
Space Ghost: (waits for them to say something)
Zorak: (silence)
Space Ghost: You guys aren't really gonna do this? (total silence) Come on, guys!
Zorak: (silence)
Space Ghost: Hey, come on!
Moltar: (silence)
Space Ghost: Chuck, you're not doin' this too, are ya?
Charlton Heston: (nods)
Space Ghost: Oh, man! (pause) Anybody want ice cream? Zorak? Ice cream?
Zorak: (silence)
Space Ghost: My treat. Moltar?
Moltar: (silence)
Space Ghost: Pistachio. Butter pecan. (as he speaks, monitor shows text:)
PEER GYNT '41
Moltar: (silence)
Space Ghost: Want some gum?
Zorak: Gu-- (wide eyed, then looks away)
Voice: (What are you doing?)
Space Ghost: (quietly) Silent treatment.
Voice: (You don't have time for this. You must destroy the Hoover Dam. It is your destiny.)
Space Ghost: What if I get caught?
Voice: (You're Space Ghost, superhero to millions. Who would suspect you?)
Space Ghost: Yeah, I am Space Ghost. It's my destiny.
Voice: (You better hurry up!)
Space Ghost: What about my pants?
Voice: (What?!)
Space Ghost: My, my, my pants.
Voice: (Your pants are fine. Hurry!)
Space Ghost: Let me just say goodbye to Charlton, okay?
Voice: (Uh uh! Someone's going to beat you to it!)
Space Ghost: All right, all right! (aloud) Uh, Charlton, I gotta go. Pick up the kids. Who are, nnnot in Nevada.
Charlton Heston: Okay, Space Ghost. (waves) Absolutely.
Space Ghost: (flies off)
(Aerial shot, closing in on Hoover Dam, accompanied by dramatic sting music)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
(Shots of extreme flood damage, police sirens in background)
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk; test pattern is on studio monitor) Well, goodnight, everybody, I, I, I gotta split. (flies off again)
(Credits roll)
(Police car screechs up, door opens)
Police Officer: (through bull horn) Hey you!
Space Ghost: No!
Police Officer: Hey, get over here. All right, we're gonna put ya...
Space Ghost: (struggling sounds) Ow!
Police Officer: Take your hands away from your sides.
Space Ghost: It was my destiny, can't you see?
Police Officer: I will not ask you again, sir, please take your hands away from your sides, please.
Space Ghost: This is my inviso belt.
Police Officer: Yeah, right, buddy.
Space Ghost: You're all blind!
Police Officer: Don't struggle with me! You understand?
Space Ghost: Blind pawns, blinded by government and the mass media.
Police Officer: Do not struggle with me, sir.
Space Ghost: You're so blind.
Police Officer: Spread your legs and put your hands on the side of the vehicle, away from the belt.
Space Ghost: (starts crying)
Police Officer: You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. Take the cape from over your face, please.

GUEST STARCharlton Heston
WRITERSRandolph HeardAlan Laddie
EDITORSJay EdwardsBaco Bryles(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerCheryl BarbourDave Willis
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSMark FrancisBen EdlundTownsend ColemanPat CoddingtonAshley ManosRenee KingSteve Tseckares
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 54 - "Boatshow"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:54
Title:Boatshow
Original Air Date:December 11, 1997
Guest Stars:Steve Allen, Andy Dick

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Orchestra version of "Hit Single" theme, with snappy new graphics, and following titles:)
Ghost Planet IndustriesPresentsO COASTTO COAST!StarringSPACE GHOSTCo-starringZORAKAndMOLTARFeaturingBRAKAndLOKARSpecial GuestsSTEVE ALLENAndANDY DICK
Space Ghost: (fade in) Greetings! I am Space Ghost! My first guest tonight is the incredible, the incomparable Steve Allen! (pause) Steve Allen? Is that right, Moltar?
Moltar: (piano intro plays in background) Yep, that's right. We got Steve Allen.
Space Ghost: (sings:)Oh my, I can't believe my ears,I have waited for this moment for years.How can this be?Steve Allen's gonna talk to me?Steve Allen!
Zorak: Steve Allen?
Space Ghost: Yes, Zorak, Steve Allen!Why, he's the greatest talk show host,From Atlantic to Pacific coast,I really do not mean to boast,That we've got Steve Allen.
Moltar: Hey, I got Steve Allen!I twisted arms, I threatened harm,In galaxies, I caused alarm,Made many agents buy the farm,Just to get you Steve Allen!
(Moltar's monitor says:)
HOLLYWOOD PALACE
Zorak: He's got you, SG, give him credit,He doesn't just direct and edit,Moltar needs to have some credi-i-i-it!
Space Ghost: Okay Moltar, Zorak's right,I do not want to start a fight,But if you cross me I just mightPull Steve Allen!
Zorak & Moltar: Steve Allen?!
Space Ghost: I can't believe we got Steve Allen!
All: Steve Allen! (music ends)
Audience: (applause)
Space Ghost: Wow, Moltar, how'd you score Steve Allen anyway?
Moltar: (reading a book) I threatened to give his manager a third degree burn.
Zorak: Bonus!
Space Ghost: Zorak, play me to the desk. Something.. snappy!
Zorak: (sighs, then sings:)Oh, I am but a mantis,So evil and so mean,Forced into this position,Is it because I'm green?
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk, then sings)Oh, I did not imprison youFor the color of your skin.You see, Zorak, I'm colorblind,What's outside doesn't count,True evil's from withi-i-i-i-i-in!
Zorak: Oh, I can see so clearly now,You've taught me quite a lesson.Oh, thank you, thank you, Space Gho-o-o-ost,You truly are a blessin'.
Space Ghost: (spoken) Aw, Zorak, that's sweet.
Moltar: Uh, I'm gonna vomit! (music ends)
Audience: (applause)
Zorak: Thank you! Thank you! Thanks so much! Thank you!
Steve Allen: (on control room monitor) (hums and bops) I was just talkin' to some of my friends on the street. (Moltar's monitor says:)
SAT 3144 NWTRY THE VEAL
Moltar: Uh huh. Uh, hey, hey there.
Steve Allen: Is that Space Ghost?
Moltar: Uh, yes, it is I, Space Ghost. (snickers) It, it's an honor to have you on the show. (Moltar's monitor says:)
SAT 3.14144 NWDUMBTH
Moltar: (snickers) Steve. (laughs)
Steve Allen: I'm very honored to, uh, permit you to be honored by talking to me, Spacey. There, Ghostie, whoever you are. (Moltar's monitor says:)
SAT 3.141144 NWBENNY GOODMAN STORY
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah, yeah. Do that noise with your armpits!
Steve Allen: (puts his hand in his armpit and flaps his arm, making bird noises with his mouth. As he does so, digits are added to the SAT number on the monitor until it says:)
SAT 3.1415926
Steve Allen: Is that what you mean?
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's the holdup? What are you doing?
Moltar: (music begins, sings:)"Moltar, what are you doing?"It's a question I've heard all my life.My parents don't understand me,And neither does my wife.
Space Ghost: Moltar?
Moltar: She's a sweet and simple girl, my Linda.
Space Ghost: Moltar? Moltar!
Moltar: A lovely lava lass, you see...
Space Ghost: Moltar! Send out the guest! (music stops abruptly)
Moltar: Alright, alright! (throws lever, quick cuts of the following images: a test pattern from Brussles, an image of a satelite, a disclaimer of some sort from a news show, a test pattern from CNN London, as the images flash by, the number increases to 3.141592653; sends Steve to the studio monitor)
Space Ghost: (as monitor lowers from ceiling with Steve) Ladies and gentlemen, you've seen him, ya know him, ya love him, you go through a phase where you don't love him so much, yet you don't want to hurt him, so you don't dare tell him of your feelings, so you marry him, you bear his children, and you live out the rest of your days suffering from his cold and silent indifference, say hello to Steve Allen!
Steve Allen: Thank you.
Space Ghost: The pleasure's mine, Steverino. Have you met my arch-enemy Zorak?
Steve Allen: Zorak? No, but I would be honored to meet any fellow musician. What does he play, by the way?
Space Ghost: He's our mantis king of the keyboards!
Steve Allen: Ah, good.
Zorak: Hi, Steve. Mind if I snack on your head?
Space Ghost: Who-a-a-a-a! Hey, Steve, ya hear that?
Steve Allen: (laughs) Well, it makes me laugh, as you just saw, I found it amusing that someone would want to snack on my head. There's an old song, "Snack on my head", no, no, I'm sorry, that's "Time on my hands"...
Space Ghost: No, no no no no no no no, that's right, Steve. Show him, Zorak.
Zorak: (music starts, sings:)There are heads just right for some snackin',And I mean to snack on a few.Come on, Steve, it's time to get crackin',I got a lot o' snackin' to do!
Space Ghost: Oh, there are villains just right for some whackin',And I mean to whack me a few.Come on, Zorak, it's about to happen,I got a lot o' whackin' to do!
Moltar: There are fires just right for some settin',And I aim to set a few fires.When those fires get set they'll be burnin'.
Space Ghost: Shut up, Moltar!
Zorak: We hate you!
Moltar: And.. um, er... (music ends abruptly)
Space Ghost: You're dumb!
Moltar: But... I was just... (Moltar's monitor says:)
MISTER MOON
Space Ghost: No! You're stupid! So just shut up, stupid!
Moltar: ... tryin' to...
Space Ghost: No!
Moltar: ... fit in.
Space Ghost: Stupid!
Moltar: Ugh!
Space Ghost: So, what do you think of my show, Steve?
Steve Allen: Well, it's the first of its kind, and, and so you're just as good as I am, I did the first of my kind, you've done the first of your kind.
Space Ghost: (music starts, sings:)Then let the record so reflect,'Twas I that got there first.
Steve Allen: Alright, then let the record so reflect.
Space Ghost: Even thought I never getThe credit I deserve.
Steve Allen: You raise a very sore point.
Space Ghost: Lah di dah di dah di dah.
Zorak: You forgot the words, you jerk!
Steve Allen: How you like that for a snappy comeback?
Space Ghost: Come and get it!Come and get it!
Moltar: You're really really really gonna get it!
Space Ghost: You'll regret itWhen you get it,Because it isn't something that you want.
Zorak: What are you talking about?
Space Ghost: Shut up, Zorak,I'm sick of your beak.I'm gonna blast youInto next week.(aims his powerband and blasts Zorak)
Zorak: (crisped) (coughs, then sings:)Oh, I get it,Now, this pain is very dear to me.You see, when I get blasted,It makes your intentions clear to me-e-e-e-e.(coughs)
Moltar: Sittin' in the control room,Waitin' for the break,Waitin' for the bre-a-a-ak,Waitin' for the break to co-o-o-o-ome.
Space Ghost: Shut up!
Audience: (applause)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Moltar: (music starts, sings:)Sittin' in the control room,Waitin' for the break,Waitin' for the bre-a-a-ak,Waitin' for the break to en-n-n-n-n-n-nd!. (music ends)Uh, isn't anyone gonna tell me to shut up?
Zorak: You don't deserve it.
Space Ghost: Yeah, and we're setting up the next bit, so shut up, stupid! (Moltar's monitor says:)
MOLTAR'S MONITOR SAYS
Moltar: Thank you.
Zorak: You just told him to shut up!
Space Ghost: I did?
Zorak: Yes, you did!
Space Ghost: Ah well... Now it's time for Steve Allen to do a little bit of his "Man on the Street" schtick.
Steve Allen: Yes, of course, I need a street, and I need at least one man. You have a sample man for me?
Space Ghost: Only the samplest. Brak? (music begins)
Steve Allen: Hello, Brak, can you hear me?
Brak: (appearing in many different background scenes, sings:)On the street,On the street,I think there's something stuck on my feet!Life is great,I feel grand,I could eat a whole pound o' ham!Hello, Mr. Sidewalk,How'd you get so long?Do you mind bein' under meAs I sing this happy song?On the street,On the street,Whe-e-ere I a-a-am, I'm on-n-n the-e-e stre-e-e-e-e-eet!On the street!
Steve Allen: (laughs) Well, I guess that constitutes a yes. Brak!
Brak: What?
Steve Allen: (says something in Brakese), eh?
Brak: Oh boy! (laughs) Ah, boy, I get it! (laughs)
Steve Allen: You got it, good, well, go tell your mother.
Brak: Oh, I won't.
Space Ghost: Wow, do you know Brak's language?
Steve Allen: Are you surprised to learn that I actually speak Brakese?
Brak: Hit me again, Steverino.
Steve Allen: (says something else in Brakese)
Brak: Oh, that's what she said! (laughs)
Steve Allen: (laughs) I'm hip, but it was supposed to be just between you and me.
Brak: You're funny, Steve Allen.
Steve Allen: Okay, Brak, and, and Spacie and Ghostie, and all the dwarfs who are out there today around the old campfire.
Space Ghost: Thank you, Steve Allen. And from all of us here around the old campfire...
Brak: (music starts, sings:)It's.. been.. great!It's been fun!
Space Ghost: But your interview is done.So get out of the chair,And get out of my hair!
Brak: 'Cause it's almost like bein' inLo-o-o-o-o-ove! (music ends)
Audience: (applause)
Moltar: (with Andy Dick on control room monitor, which now shows SAT 3.14159265358; throws lever, creating a burst of feedback) Whoa, did you hear that? (digits are added until the next song begins, at which point it is up to SAT 3.141592653589793
Andy Dick: Yeah, I heard it really loud.
Moltar: I hit the wrong switch.
Andy Dick: Oh, man.
Moltar: I'm gonna do it again. (throws lever, creating another burst of feedback)
Andy Dick: (yells)
Moltar: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's going on in there?
Moltar: Uh, Andy Dick, comin' right up.
Space Ghost: (music starts) Andy Dick? Is that right, Moltar?
Moltar: Yep, that's right. We got Andy Dick.
Space Ghost: (sings:)Oh my! I can't believe my ears!I've waited for this moment for years!How can this be?Andy Dick's gonna talk to me?Andy Dick!
Zorak: Andy Dick? Why did we get Andy Dick?
Moltar: Because Linda loves Andy Di-i-i-i-ick.And as you know,She's a sweet and simple girl, my Linda,A lovely lava lass, you see. (Moltar's monitor says:)
DOWN MEMORY LANE
Zorak: Shut up!
Space Ghost: (music stops abruptly) Shut up! Stupid!
Zorak: We hate you!
Space Ghost: Wait a minute. Steve Allen... Andy Dick... they both have first names for last names! It's a "theme" show! Good work, stupid! (Moltar's monitor says:)
HOT FRESH POTATOES
Moltar: Uh, yeah, well, sure. That's.. what I had in mind.
Andy Dick: (breathes on glasses) Oh, Space Ghost. Hello!
Space Ghost: So, Andy, did you like our little Andy Dick song?
Andy Dick: That is sweet, that is sweet.
Space Ghost: It's a reprise of the song, "I Can't Believe We Got Steve Allen."
Andy Dick: Oh, so it's not, uh... (takes a deep breath) it's not that special.
Space Ghost: No no no, it's very special!
Andy Dick: Yeah, but you wrote it for Steve Allen, and then you just inserted my, no, it's fine, though, it's fine, I, I...
Space Ghost: Anyway, Steve Allen ate up a lot of time, so I don't reallly have a lot of...
Andy Dick: You don't have any!
Space Ghost: No, we don't have a ton of...
Andy Dick: You. Don't. Have. Any.
Zorak: (holding his blast rifle) Woo hoo! (cocks rifle) Looks like a feudin's on the way!
Moltar: (music starts, sings:)Down in the holler,Amongst the filth and squalor,Looks like a feud there's gonna be.
Space Ghost: The number's been cut! (music stops abruptly) Look, Red, I don't really have a lot of time to be confrontational about this, so...
Andy Dick: You're right, I don't want to, either, actually, because I don't have superpowers.
Space Ghost: That's right, Andy, you wouldn't stand a chance against my destructo ray or my heat ray or my freeze ray or my...
Andy Dick: I know what you have. I know.
Space Ghost: (aiming at Andy) Andy...
Andy Dick: I know.
Space Ghost: That's better.
Andy Dick: I have an inviso belt, that I can, I can turn invisible. (looks down at his belt) Oh, I'm not wearing it.
Space Ghost: Hoo, you're not wearing it? Well, maybe it's at home in the magic closet!
Andy Dick: (laughs)
Space Ghost: You know, thinking about it, you don't have an inviso belt. (angry) Because only my colleagues and I wear them!
Andy Dick: Okay, um, you're right, I don't... I don't have one.
Space Ghost: Alright, now tell everyone at home!
Andy Dick: No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Space Ghost: Do it!
Andy Dick: I don't have an inviso belt. (sighs)
Space Ghost: Andy, sing your song.
Andy Dick: Oh, I have to sing it?
Space Ghost: Yes.
Andy Dick: Will you sing it with me?
Space Ghost: Sing! Sing like Judy Collins!
Andy Dick: (guitar accompaniment, sings:)Space Ghost, Space Ghost, put down that stick.Please don't beat up Andy Dick.
Space Ghost: (orchestra accompaniment, sings:)Andy, Andy, you're getting me ticked!Think I'm pummel Andy Dick!
Andy Dick: Space Ghost, Space Ghost, clickety click,Space Ghost, don't be a space -
Space Ghost: Andy, Andy, clickety click,Andy, don't be a -
Andy Dick: Space Ghost, don't be a -
Space Ghost: Andy, don't be a space -
Andy Dick: (together with Space Ghost's last line, so the guitar and orchestra are also together) Space Ghost don't be a -
Zorak: Hey, everybody, it's time for the big finale! (Moltar's monitor says:)
SAYS MOLTAR'S MONITOR
Space Ghost: It's time for the finale,
Zorak: It's time to end the show.
Moltar: The fun we've had is over now,
Space Ghost: That's right, it's time to go.
Lokar: I didn't have any lines today,
Zorak: That made some people glad!
Brak: (dances into view) I'm really very sad!
Space Ghost: That's all the time we have today,We finally get a chance,To see while Moltar rolls the credits,Andy Dick will dance.Goodbye!
Zorak: Goodbye!
Moltar: Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye!
Space Ghost: Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye!Good night, everybody!(to Andy) Now, dance!
Andy Dick: A five, six, seven, eight... (tap dances to schmaltzy piano music while the credits roll) How much do you want, I can go on all day.
Space Ghost: Do it all day.
Andy Dick: Yeah, I can do anything, I can shuffle off to Buffalo.
Zorak: Hey, why don't you shuffle off to Mars?
Andy Dick: I can't, I can't shuffle off too far, though.
Zorak: Wuss. (piano ends)
Steve Allen: (hums and bops)
Space Ghost: This has been a Ghost Planet Industries production. Oh! (raspberry sound) That's what I did in rehearsal, and everybody laughed. (sings:) Oh, my! I can't believe my ears!

GUEST STARSSteve AllenAndy Dick
WRITERAndy Merrill
EDITORSKen Brady(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICEddie Horst
MUSICIANSThe Ghost PlanetOrchestra
COAST TO COAST THEMESonny SharrockEddie Horst
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy Merrill
COPYISTSMichael BlackMark Hyett
MUSICAL ASSISTANTChris Kounelis
ENGINEERSGreg CrawfordArno Barrs
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald HuntChris Dinardo
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTSJames DansereauReid Jacobson
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn SchimanskyTyreese BurnettBen Applebaum
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSJay EdwardsMarc FrancisRodgers & HartRodgers & HammersteinBacharach & DavidLerner & LoeweStephen SondheimLeonard BernsteinCole Porter
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERAndy Merrill
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 44b - "Brilliant Number Two"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:44b
Title:Brilliant Number Two
Original Air Date:December 13, 1997
Guest Stars:Peter Fonda, Buzz Aldrin

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak in the commissary; SG squeaks his fingers on his coffee mug)
Space Ghost: (putting his head down) Idiot.
Moltar: (clears his throat)
Space Ghost: (laughs to himself)
(Screen squishes down to letter-box format, and fades to black & white; Rammstein's "Heirate mich" swells in background)
Moltar: Hello?
Zorak: (slurps his coffee, over German background lyrics)
Space Ghost: DANNYYYYYYY!
Zorak: (stares back wide-eyed)
Space Ghost: Danny boyyyyyy!
Moltar: (laughs quietly)
Space Ghost: (in belch voice) Zorak doesn't have a work ethic.
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, it's great.
Zorak: (stares back with big anime eyes)
Space Ghost: I'm not gonna hurt yah.
Moltar: Freak.
Zorak: (still with anime eyes, a tear rolls down his cheek)
(Rammstein's "Wollt ihr das Bett in Flammen sehen?" is used as the opening theme)
Ihr wollt doch auch den Dolch ins Laken steckenIhr wollt doch auch das Blut vom Degen leckenRammstein!Rammstein,Rammstein,Rammstein,Rammstein!
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings! I'm Space Ghost. On my show tonight, Ted Turner's brother-in-law, Peter Fonda. Uh, he had a mother whose aunt knew the singing gorilla man?
Zorak: (nods)
(Studio hum is replaced by droning sound)
Space Ghost: Are you guys like hearing a weird rumble?
W. S. Merwin: It happens that the tv show is tired of being a tv show.
Zorak: (shakes his head)
Space Ghost: Technical problems? Everything... fine.
Zorak: BAM!
Space Ghost: Aaagh!! (falls down) Ow!
Zorak: Yeah! Gotcha!
Space Ghost: (lying on floor) No you didn't. (stands up) This is the work of... The Polisher. Dun dun da dun! Dun dun da dun!
W. S. Merwin: It happens that the tv show goes to the tailors' shops and the movies
Zorak: Eh, I beg your pardon?
Space Ghost: You know, The Polisher. He polishes things until they're slippery and, and makes ya fall an' stuff.
W. S. Merwin: all shriveled up, impenetrable, like a felt swan
Zorak: Uh... huh. (rolls his eyes back)
Space Ghost: (studio floor sparkles) Hey, look at the shine.
Zorak: (stares back)
Space Ghost: (his reflection, with strange eyes) Oooh, Daddy wants a shine too, doesn't he, wittle Woobie? (breathing heavy) The shine, the shine, no, no, no, no, ye-, aaaaagh! (hits himself in the face with his hand) Aaaah!
W. S. Merwin: navigating on a water of origin and ash.
Zorak: BAM!
W. S. Merwin: The smell of barber shops makes the tv show sob out loud.
Space Ghost: (hits himself again) Ohh!
Zorak: BAM!
Space Ghost: (hits himself again) Mmmph!
Zorak: BAM!
Moltar: Hey, Woobie, when you're done smackin' yourself, the guest is ready. (monitor shows text:)
1Index:PARANOIA 559, 590
Space Ghost: (hand still over his face) Can't you see I'm in peril?
Moltar: Heh... No!
Space Ghost: (Hmmm, I fear the Subliminator has taken control of Moltar's mind.)
W. S. Merwin: The tv show wants nothing but the repose either of stones or of wool.
Zorak: Aaaaghhh! (starts vibrating back and forth rapidly)
Space Ghost: Zorak! You are being consumed by... Vibratronica! (instrumental rock music, with drag racing commercial announcer voice)
W. S. Merwin: The tv show wants to see no more establishments, no more gardens,
Space Ghost: Sunday! Sunday! See Vibratronica set fire to the stands and burn a hole of effigy through the walls. (normal voice) I'll save you! (blasts Zorak with destructo ray)
W. S. Merwin: nor merchandise, nor glasses, nor elevators.
Zorak: (crisped) (coughs) Thanks a lot! I was just doin' a jig.
Space Ghost: That's just what she wants you to think. (slides back to his desk)
Zorak: Yeah.
W. S. Merwin: It happens that the tv show is tired of it's feet and it's nails
Space Ghost: (writing at his desk) (Those were close calls, why are my old enemies coming back to taunt me? Why today? Why now? Why? Why? Why?) (holding his head in his hand) (gnashes his teeth) What's your name?
W. S. Merwin: and it's hair and it's shadow.
Peter Fonda: Peter.
Space Ghost: Peter what?
Peter Fonda: Sometimes Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, Mummy's little Petey Boy, not very many times...
W. S. Merwin: It happens that the tv show is tired of being a tv show.
Space Ghost: Oh-kay, hotshot...
Peter Fonda: Sir?
Space Ghost: What's your real name.
Peter Fonda: Peter Fonda.
Space Ghost: (reading his index card) Ahem! Ted's brother-in-law.
Peter Fonda: Hee hee hee.
W. S. Merwin: Just the same it would be delicious
Space Ghost: Y'know what? You've got it goin' on.
Peter Fonda: What's that you got? Check... booger, is that a booger?
Zorak: I have a booger? Where?
Peter Fonda: (pointing to his nose) Have I got a booger?
Zorak: Eh, where the heck would I have a booger?
W. S. Merwin: to scare a notary with a cut lily
Peter Fonda: You see this, Moltar, is it, am I cool? (keeps talking in background, monitor shows text:)
2Index:S? -Brain Studies 140-143, 146
Moltar: Hey, you gonna get me in trouble.
Zorak: I just don't get it.
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: I don't have boogers! Hey! Where's the booger?
Space Ghost: Stop saying "boogers"!
Zorak: (in background) Ah, poop!
Peter Fonda: I'm sorry, Ghost Man...
Space Ghost: That's fine.
Peter Fonda: I didn't mean to...
Space Ghost: That's, that's nice.
W. S. Merwin: or knock a (blurred) stone cold (blurred) with one (blurred) of an ear.
Peter Fonda: (pointing to Zorak) You know, they eat their...
Zorak: Shut up!
Peter Fonda: Well, (makes mantis hand gesture) to you too!
Zorak: Hey, buddy, what's wrong with your arms?
W. S. Merwin: It would be beautiful
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Zorak, please.
Zorak: You're freakin' me out!
Space Ghost: (in low voice) This is Ted's uncle-in-law! (normal voice, to Peter) What're you doin' here?
Peter Fonda: I'm, I'm just warmin' up, you know, I'm doin' my thing...
Space Ghost: Yeah yeah yeah.
W. S. Merwin: to go through the streets with a green knife
Peter Fonda: Could we get a graphic artist out here just to draw a couple of eyes on Space Ghost?
(Hand with pencil appears on screen, draws two tiny off-center pupils on Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Ow! Ow, my eye. (pupils start moving around strangely) Hey, I can't see anything! (Now I'll never again experience the beauties of the universe.)
W. S. Merwin: shouting until the tv show died of cold.
Zorak: Draw him with huge buttocks!
(Shot of Space Ghost standing; hand with pencil returns & gives him huge buttocks)
Space Ghost: (What is he talking about?) (looks at his back side) Oh, for Pete's sake!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: (returns to desk and sits down) Ohhh!
W. S. Merwin: The tv show does not want to go on being a root in the dark,
Zorak: Hey... Hey, how's your buttocks?
Space Ghost: (glares back silently)
Zorak: Hey! I'm talkin' to you!
Space Ghost: You're evil.
Zorak: (laughs)
Peter Fonda: Every time I look at him, he's doing this (makes mantis hand gesture) at me, and it gets me very nervous, you know, I don't like this, I want him to sit down, shut up...
W. S. Merwin: hesitating, stretched out, shivering with dreams,
Zorak: (laughs)
Peter Fonda: Would you.. stand.. still? We're working here!
W. S. Merwin: downwards, in the wet tripe of the earth,
Space Ghost: Aaaaghhhh! My foot's asleep! (flies through ceiling) (in background) Come on, foot, come on! Ow! Come on, foot.
Zorak: (takes out laser rifle, cocks it)
Peter Fonda: Watch it.
Space Ghost: (gunshot) (something something) it wasn't a microphone.
Peter Fonda: Well, I know what it's like to be dead. You know...
W. S. Merwin: soaking it up, and thinking, eating every day,
Zorak: Who put that junk in your head!?
Peter Fonda: Who, who put all that stuff in my head? (Space Ghost bounds back to his desk) Are you kidding me?
Zorak: Answer the question!
Peter Fonda: You know, you're making me feel like I haven't been born.
Space Ghost: Uh, Moltar, do you know what they are?
W. S. Merwin: The tv show does not want to be the inhieritor of so many misfortunes.
Moltar: Shhhhh! Not now!
Peter Fonda: (laughs) Well, she said, "I know what it's like to be dead." And I said "Well, who put all that stuff in your head, you know, you're makin' me feel like I've never been born."
Space Ghost: Moltar, I'd like to get some coffee.
Moltar: Can this wait?
W. S. Merwin: The tv show does not want to continue as a root and as a tomb,
Peter Fonda: You see, when I was a boy, and everything's riiiight, my parents would start telling, "Why don't you act like a grown-up?"
Space Ghost: (looking like Dr. Katz, writing as he talks) What does this tell us about your childhood?
Peter Fonda: I learned that the best way to keep my parents off my back, is to act like a grown-up. But I've been eight for fifty-six years.
W. S. Merwin: as a solitary tunnel, as a cellar full of corpses,
Moltar: (at Space Ghost's desk) (slam!) Here's your stinkin' coffee! (walks off)
Space Ghost: What's your problem?
Moltar: Get off my back!
Space Ghost: Oh, thanks... Crabbatron! Now, that's... (splash!) AAaaaaaahhhhh!
W. S. Merwin: W. S. Merwin
Peter Fonda: Yikes!
Space Ghost: (with coffee spill on his desk) Oh, man! Spiller, you weasel! Aaaahh! (falls down, off-camera) Confound you, Polisher!
Zorak: (off-camera) How's your butt?
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Peter Fonda: Nowadays, space is here, time is now, you know... it's all, alright, now I understand the mantis guy, but who's the guy in the ant suit?
W. S. Merwin: For this reason Monday burns like oil,
Moltar: "Ant suit"?
Space Ghost: (Wait a minute...)
Peter Fonda: I looked at him to try to see who he really was, he's 168 years old, I don't wanna touch him, man, I can't get in there.
W. S. Merwin: at the site of the tv show arriving with it's jail face,
Space Ghost: (I've heard all this before...)
Peter Fonda: But I make your arms do that stuff, you know, that (does arm curls) "one, two, three, fun, breathe, two, three"...
Moltar: What's he talkin' about? (monitor shows text:)
4Index:Tryptophan 152
Space Ghost: (How could I be so stupid?)
W. S. Merwin: and it howls in passing like a wounded wheel,
Peter Fonda: There's mites all around me, Ghost Man, get rid of them!
Space Ghost: (Mites.)
Moltar: Mites? Ewww!
Peter Fonda: Because the bees, in fact, the bees are being absolutely decimated by... lice. Mites!
Space Ghost: (That's right, keep talking. Come on, come to Daddy.)
W. S. Merwin: and it's footsteps toward nightfall are filled with hot blood.
Peter Fonda: Moltar, get the lava. (monitor shows text:)
5Index:Aversion Conditioning 602
Moltar: Uh uh.
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Space Ghost: Don't get the lava.
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Moltar: How about I forget it.
Space Ghost: We don't need the lava, do we, Peter?
Zorak: (off-camera) Uh uh.
Space Ghost: 'Cause you're not Peter...
Peter Fonda: What the hey...
Space Ghost: Are ya, Peter? (aims his power band)
W. S. Merwin: And it shoves the tv show along to certain corners, to certain damp houses,
Peter Fonda: Odin!
Space Ghost: Confusatronnnnnnnnnnn! (blasts Peter off the monitor) (laughs)
Zorak: That's a, that's nice work, chump!
W. S. Merwin: to hospitals where the bones come out of windows,
Space Ghost: Say what?
Zorak: You know that was Ted's brother-in-law, you just blew away!
Space Ghost: You're so naive.
Moltar: Naïve.
Space Ghost: Enemies all around us, and you can't see them?!
Zorak: Eh...
Space Ghost: I'd hate to see what The Lobotomist would do with such a naive mind like yours.
W. S. Merwin: to certain cobbers' shops smelling of vinegar,
Zorak: Okay.
Moltar: It's "naïve"! (monitor shows:)
6Index:Lie Detection 340-365
Space Ghost: What about it?
Moltar: (groans)
Space Ghost: Okay, what's next?
Moltar: Uh... Buzz.
Space Ghost: Are... you sure it's Buzz?
Moltar: You Buzz?
Buzz Aldrin: (in lower right corner of Moltar's monitor) Yes, I believe I am.
W. S. Merwin: to streets horrendous as crevices.
Moltar: It's Buzz!
Space Ghost: (quietly) Send him in.
Buzz Aldrin: (appears on studio monitor) Greetings!
Space Ghost: (long pause) So, why should I talk to you?
Buzz Aldrin: Uh, well, a number of years ago, I flew in space. And, uh, we landed on the moon, 27 years ago.
W. S. Merwin: There are birds the colour of sulphur, and horrible intestines,
Zorak: (mocking) The moon?! Did you wear a spacesuit?
Buzz Aldrin: A praying mantis.
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, tell us about the spacesuit.
W. S. Merwin: hanging from the doors of the houses which the tv show hates,
Buzz Aldrin: Okay, it's rather bulky, there are layers and layers of, uh, material that, uh, you know, protect us from small meteorites. (monitor shows Buzz, with text:)
8Index:Agoraphobia 563, 618
Zorak: Ooooh, no!!
Moltar: Oooh, don't let the meteorites get me, Zorak!
Zorak: I'll protect ya, buddy!
W. S. Merwin: there are forgotten sets of teeth in a coffee-pot,
Space Ghost: So, "Buzz", if that's your real name...
Buzz Aldrin: Uh, my sisters started calling me Buzz when I was very young...
Space Ghost: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've spent a lot of time in space, and I've never seen you!
W. S. Merwin: there are mirrors
Buzz Aldrin: Well, have you been looking? Because I was looking for you, I didn't see you either.
Space Ghost: I bet you were looking real hard, weren't ya? (belch-like voice) Weren't ya, Buzz?
Buzz Aldrin: Oh, you bet.
Space Ghost: Did you ever look on the Ghost Planet? Where I live!
W. S. Merwin: which should have wept with shame and horror,
Buzz Aldrin: Ghost Planet, I don't believe I have, what's it like?
Zorak: (off-camera) It's no Moon.
Space Ghost: Oh, he knows what it's like. Don't ya, "Buzz"?
Buzz Aldrin: Is, is it squishy, or is it, uh, springy?
Space Ghost: That's right, play dumb!
W. S. Merwin: there are umbrellas all over the place, and poisons, and navels.
Buzz Aldrin: Or maybe it's a little smokey or hazy or... frothy?
Space Ghost: Come on, Aldrin! I'm smarter than that!
Buzz Aldrin: Well, that's obvious.
Space Ghost: Owww!
Moltar: Now what? (monitor shows:)
10Index:Representational ????sight 486
Space Ghost: Oh, nothing. Just another villain!
W. S. Merwin: The tv show strides with calm, with eyes, with shoes,
Buzz Aldrin: Villains, oh.
Space Ghost: It's been happening all night. They're ruthless.
Buzz Aldrin: Uh huh. (tsk) Well, they're not ruthless, they're, uh, they're in many ways lovable, and they're, they're understandable.
W. S. Merwin: with fury, with forgetfulness.
Space Ghost: Buzz, there's nothing lovable about the evil Confusatron.
Buzz Aldrin: (chuckles) No.
Space Ghost: He's in my brain. I can feel his baffling presence.
Buzz Aldrin: Oh. How can he do that?
Space Ghost: I don't know, but he's there. Riiight now.
W. S. Merwin: The tv show passes, the tv show crosses offices and stores full of orthopedic appliances,
Buzz Aldrin: How can he get inside your brain?
Space Ghost: You tell me, Aldrin. Or should I say... Confusatron! (blasts Buzz off the monitor with his destructo ray)
W. S. Merwin: and courtyards hung with clothes on wires,
Buzz Aldrin: (moans)
Zorak: So, there were two Confusatrons.
Space Ghost: Obviously.
Zorak: Riiight!
Moltar: Well, you just blasted the beloved American space hero Buzz Aldrin.
W. S. Merwin: underpants, towels and shirts which weep
Space Ghost: Yes sir. (monitor shows Space Ghost, with text:)
11Index:Neuromodulators 136, 153
Moltar: That's it, I've had it! You're wacked!
Zorak: Yeah!
Moltar: You've been clumsy and paranoid all night, and instead of owning up to it like a man... (monitor shows text:)
13THE END IS NEAR
Zorak: BAM! You made up an enemy!
W. S. Merwin: slow dirty tears.
Space Ghost: (sighs) Yeah, you're right. All those things were my own fault. Or were they? Impostinators!
Moltar: That's it. I'm gone! (walks out of control room)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: That's right, run away, you Pretendinators!
Moltar: Yeah, yeah, yeah, tell me another story. (voice trails off)
Space Ghost: That's right, run to Momma!
Zorak: Yeah, yeah, hey, how's your butt?
Space Ghost: You want some of this, Zorak?! Or should I say, Improvimantitron?
Moltar: Whatever.
Voice: (answers phone) Hello? (hangs up)
(Phone starts ringing again) (crack!)
Space Ghost: I don't know...

GUEST STARSPeter FondaBuzz Aldrin
WRITERSMatthew MaiellaroMichael CahillAlan Laddie
EDITORMichael Cahill
ON-LINE EDITORSJay Bellissimo(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICRammstein
ALTERED POEM"Walking Around"by W.S.M.
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDavid M. StandquestLes HarperStephanie Gladden
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSButch SeibertDave Sillman
INK & PAINTMaury Ingram
EDIT ASSISTSMatt LindPaul Wilson
MEMBER SINCE 1973Kaili Rubin
GREEDY DUCK SQUEEZERVishal Roney
MIKE LAZZOIsabel Gonzalez
STUNT PLAYERSGill AustinGus JordanMaya McClureBen Morgan
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
THANKSJay EdwardsGreg HarrisonBill WilnerAmy LovettBean
Support The March of Dimes
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ANGEL OF THE MORNINGJim Fortier
AVERAGE AMERICANPete Smith
HOOTIE ANN DEBLOUFICHÉAndy Merrill
KING FANCYChip Duffey
PUPPETSMatt Harrigan
SUPERVISING PRODUCERSMichael Harriet LazzoMichael Patricia Cahill
ALAN SMITHEEKeith Crofford
HAWKMOON 269Dave Willis

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 55 - "Telethon"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:55
Title:Telethon
Original Air Date:December 18, 1997
Guest Stars:Bob Abdou, Pete Michael, Russ Powell
Synopsis:SGC2C IS BROKE! Space Ghost, along with his usual cadre of regular villains (Moltar & Zorak) must have their own fund-raising event. The Council of Doom, Brak, and even Birdman all try to "help" in their own bumbling, evil, and conniving ways.(Synopsis by Harvey Best)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
ANIMPORTANTANNOUNCEMENTCONCERNINGTHE FUTURE OFSPACE GHOSTCOAST TO COAST
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, citizens! I'm Space Ghost, with an important announcment to make. (clears his throat; talks quietly) We're broke. (violin music begins) That's right, the Space Ghost Coast to Coast show is out of cash. So tonight our regular show has been preimmunized for a special Space Ghost telethon. If you love me, or have ever loved me, or ever plan to love me in the future, I urge you tonight, to please stay tuned, pledge generously, to help keep the Ghost alive!
(In the commissary)
Zorak: So, whattya gonna do if the show gets canned?
Moltar: Oh, I got a few irons in the fire.
Zorak: Like what?
Moltar: They're remaking "MacGyver", only this time... he's a woman!
Zorak: What're you talking about? He was always a woman!
Moltar: Oh. Uh, I'm gonna get some coffee.
Zorak: You don't have any leads, do ya?
Moltar: Leave me alone!
Zorak: You liar! You made that up!
Moltar: Leave me alone!
(Opening theme & titles)
(Opening graphic sequence shifts to studio monitor as it is displayed)
Space Ghost: You see, folks, hi-tech computer animation like this costs money. How much? I don't know, but trust me, it's one heck of a lot. And we're wiped out cleaner than a fat man's eatin' hand. (smile sparkles) So I turn to you, the viewers, in my quarter-hour of need. I know you folks will call the numbers flashing on the screen below, and pledge your undying support.
CALL NOW!(555) 555-CASH
Space Ghost: Because you have a jug o' love for me, and you're thirsty for what I got! (makes kisses to camera)
ALPHA CENTAURI(555) 555-GIVE
Zorak: (wide-eyed) This is shameful, even to me!
Moltar: It's just so.. wrong.
Lokar: Ahem. A-hem!
SUPPORT THE GHOST(555) 555-DEBT
Space Ghost: Why, look, everybody! The Council of Doom is here! They'll be standing by to take your flood of calls.
Lokar: Yes! And every twenty dollar pledge r-r-receives a kissy-kiss, from your truly!
Tansut: Really?
NANTUCKET(555) 555-IBEG
Lokar: Yes, come over here, Tanny! Come a little closer, I want to smell what you've been eating all day!
Tansut: (whimpers)
Lokar: Liverwurst! Divine! (sniff sniff) Oh, and thick sliced cross cut of bologna! How fragrant!
HELP!(555) 555-MOOLAH
Tansut: Oh, you...
Zorak: I'd pay twenty bucks to hear Lokar shut up!
Lokar: And you need to get over yourself, lover!
Space Ghost: (pause) Our goal tonight is a mere seventeen and a half million dollars!
RUMYUNGYUNSONSON(555) 555-PAYUP
Lokar: Tell me, Space Ghost, you oafish lunkheaded clodpate, you tr-r-ruly believe that you can r-r-raise that much wampum in such a paltry amount of time?
Space Ghost: Yes indeedy! I'm putting my money where my mouth is!
CALL THIS MINUTE(555) 555-GREEN
Space Ghost: I'm going to start us off by donating the proceeds from the sale of three pints of my (echo effect) Super Space Blood! (end echo) Moltar, let's go to the big board.
Moltar: (throws lever) (numbers spin on the "DON'T GIVE UP the GHOST" tote board, with the final total showing:)
$36.10
Space Ghost: (subdued) Woo whee.
SECTORS R OR N(555) 555-BROKE
Space Ghost: (taps his cards) And I'm sure we'll be adding it up with our first performer. So make that pledge now, folks, while we bring on funny man Pete Michael! (band music intro)
Black Widow: Oooooh! Aaaaah!
DON'T BE CHEAP(555) 555-BILLS
Pete Michael: Thank you! Ghost Planet, how are ya, Space Ghost, very good to see you. It's great to be here, ladies and gentlemen, you too, Zorak.
Zorak: Don't you even look at me!
Pete Michael: But, uh, Ghost Planet, boy, this is somethin'. I can't believe I got a flight up here! (rim shot)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
ALTAIR IV(555) 555-DOUGH
Pete Michael: But, it's great to be anywhere, I tell ya, the club I was workin' at last week? Big Jehovah Witness convention at the hotel I was stayin' at.
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Pete Michael: And you know what I did? I went out after my show... What did I... Ah... sorry. (walks off stage)
PLEASE, PLEASE CALL!(555) 555-POOR
Space Ghost: Well, now, wasn't that... Pete Michael, every one.
Brak: Space Ghost! Somebody just called, and they wanna donate a billion dollars!
Space Ghost: What's their name?!
Brak: Seymore Hiney.
Space Ghost: Thank you so much, Seymore. Well, I guess we can wrap things up here.
AREA 51(555) 555-FUNDS
Zorak: You idiot!
Moltar: It was a prank call!
Space Ghost: Uh... Oh. I am now rescinding my thank-you. Council, accept no more calls from the Hiney family. Moltar, next performer! Toot sweety!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?(555) 555-GIFT
(Moltar's monitor says:)
THIS IS WHAT MOLTAR'S MONITOR SAYS,
(Moltar throws lever, a Dutch test pattern appears for a split second before Russ is sent to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings, citizen Next Performer.
Russ Powell: Greetings.
Zorak: Arrr, 'tis a scurvy pirate!
Black Widow: A-a-ah! O-o-o-o-o!
Brak: He's not a pirate, stupid!
Russ Powell: Actually, I'm dressed out of the Renaissance period...
TINY HUT PEOPLE CALL(555) 555-MONEY
Brak: A humanistic revival of art, literature, and learning in Europe which occurred during the 14th through 16th centuries. Tell me something I don't know!
Russ Powell: Can I show you some juggling while I'm here?
Brak: Juggling! Oh boy! Do it! Do some juggling!
USE YOUR PHONE!(555) 555-BREAD
Russ Powell: (juggles three colored balls, accompanied by cheesy organ music)
Space Ghost: Look, he's honestly juggling! Come on, folks, isn't this worth at least a few million?
Tansut: Ooh, watch him juggle!
(Big board total drops from $36.10 to $31.10)
Space Ghost: Hey, wait a second, the total just went down five dollars!
¿AL SUR DE LA FRONTERA? LLAMA:(555) 555-PESO
Moltar: Uh, I know, I.. just rented "Barb Wire". I hear it's awesome. (Moltar's monitor says:)
READ MOLTAR'S MONITOR
(followed by:)
WHAT MOLTAR'S MONITOR DOESN'T
Brak: Oh, I wanna see that!
Moltar: It's rated "R", Brak!
Brak: Aw, poop.
(Brak's image on monitor is replaced by Birdman)
Moltar: Oh!
Birdman: Greetings, citizens! (Moltar's monitor says:)
ONE LOUDER ALWAYS 11
Black Widow: O-o-o-o-o!
Zorak: Obscene bird call!
CALL, CALL, CALL!(555) 555-BUSTED
Birdman: Are you getting enough oxygen?
Space Ghost: Look, Birdman, I'm in the middle of my telethon right now.
Birdman: You know, Tad, don't you think it's ironic that when I ask for money it's called begging, but when you drop to your knees it's called a telethon.
(following text displayed mirrored:)
BIZARRO WORLD(555) 555-P3&-$%8
Space Ghost: Yeah, how about that? Ain't that somethin'?
Birdman: I got somethin' I can do for your telethon. How about I decorate your back window with a little of my special guano?
Space Ghost: How about if I throw some corn on the floor and you peck it up with your mouth!
WE ACCEPT FOODSTAMPS!(555) 555-PENNILESS
Brak: That's okay, Birdman, I'll do it, I like corn!
Birdman: (shakes his head) I'm outta here. (image fades from monitor)
Space Ghost: Um, uh, let's keep things moving. Uh, Moltar, how about another guest?
Moltar: (Moltar's monitor says:)
MOLTAR'S MONITOR SAY SIMONS SAYS
(Monitor then shows a test pattern from Potsdam, followed by Coco the Electronic Monkey Wizard)
Coco: Moltar!
(Moltar throws the lever, which sends Coco away and sends Bob and Robbie to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it for...
Black Widow: O-o-o-o-o!
HORSEHEAD NEBULA(555) 555-SPEND
Space Ghost: Uh, Bob and Robby!
Ventriloquist Dummy: Hey, how ya doin'?
Space Ghost: Um, your little friend just, um, talked.
Ventriloquist Dummy: (to Bob) Little friend, who's he talkin' to?
Zorak: It's a puppet!
Space Ghost: A puppet! Did you say a puppet?
Bob Abdou: Yes, puppet.
COUNTERFEIT BILLS NOT A PROBLEM!(555) 555-CHANGE
Ventriloquist Dummy: Puppet. P-p-p-p-p-p-p.
Space Ghost: Aaaa! The puppet talks! Zorak! The puppet talks!
Ventriloquist Dummy: P-p-p-p-p-p-p. P-p-p-p-p-p-p. P-p-p-p-p-p-p.
Space Ghost: (blasts Bob and Robby from the monitor; Russ reappears, holding three knives)
Black Widow: O-o-o-o-o!
Russ Powell: One, two, three, here we go. (starts juggling the knives)
Black Widow: (screams)
DOTHAN(555) 555-BUCK
Space Ghost: Bless you, Santa, it's the Juggler!
Black Widow: (continues screaming)
Lokar: Oh, Black Widow, please continue that shrieking, because it can't possibly be more annoying!
Russ Powell: (still juggling knives) Now, I have a confession to make here, I have never really figured out a way to stop this. So, uh, any ideas?
REMEMBER, NO $$$, NO SGC2C(555) 555-STRAPPED
Moltar: Uh, let it fall on your head.
Zorak: Yeah, do that.
Moltar: Mmm, that might be dangerous. (Moltar's monitor says:)
IS THIS WHAT MOLTAR'S MONITOR SAYS
MARS(555) 555-ROCK
Zorak: Hey, throw 'em up really high, and catch 'em in your mouth.
Moltar: But be careful.
Russ Powell: (still juggling knives) There we go.
Space Ghost: (blasts Russ on monitor)
Russ Powell: Oh! (drops the knives) I missed that.
Space Ghost: Council of Doom! Any calls?
Council of Doom: No!
YOUR GIFTS ARE TAX DEDUCTABLE(555) 555-LOOPHOLE
Space Ghost: Well, then, I guess we can take a break for some commercial messages.
Zorak: Telethons don't have commericals!
Space Ghost: And bugs don't talk, Zorak, (switches to Zorak voice) so welcome to the asylum!
Zorak: (stares back wide-eyed)
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
ASTRON DELTA(555) 555-JACK
Space Ghost: And we're back. Moltar, how are the phones?
Moltar: (whispering) Silent, like crabs.
Zorak: Yes, like crabs.
Space Ghost: (This is worse than the time you had to battle the Bedouin battleships bare-bottom to the thumbtack factory.)
MOM! PLEASE CALL!(555) 555-ALLOWANCE
Space Ghost: (What can I do to save this turkey?) Council of Doom? (aims power bands) Give me your money!
Lokar: No! I shan't give you a sheckel.
Black Widow: O-o-o-oh no!
Brak: Okay, here's my allowance.
Metallus: (drones and slams fist)
HALE BOPP(555) 555-HELP
Tansut: You still owe me money!
Lokar: (mocking) You still owe me money! You still owe me money! Ah, there it is again, the acrid putrocity of Tansut's chronic halitosis!
Tansut: (whimpers)
Lokar: Shut that stench-hole or I shall gag!
Space Ghost: (None of this is real.)
THE MIND TAKERPLEASE DO NOT CALL
Pete Michael: (back on stage) Ghost Planet, how are ya? Space Ghost, very good to see you. (band music plays)
Space Ghost: Pete Michael, everybody.
Pete Michael: Ladies and gentlemen, it's great to be here, good to see ya. You too, Zorak.
Zorak: Feh.
Pete Michael: But, man, Ghost Planet, finally, finally get to be on Ghost Planet.
NOSTROMO(555) 555-CREDIT
Space Ghost: Phones are open, folks.
Pete Michael: I can't believe I got a flight up here. (rim show, by Christy)
Space Ghost: (laughs)
Pete Michael: But, uh, gol, I keep forgetting about that Jehovah Witness thing.
THINK OF THE CHILDREN(555) 555-GHOST
Zorak: Nice try, freak.
Pete Michael: I'm sorry, I was off my mark anyway. (walks off stage, in front of Space Ghost's desk)
(Bob reappears on studio monitor, with an Elvis dummy)
Ventriloquist Dummy: (sings) Goodnight, oh-h-h-h!
Space Ghost: Phones are open, folks.
LITTLE GOTHAM(555) 555-KWACHA
Moltar: (looking at weather map on control room monitor) You see, these drops are falling in between these lines here, and you might want to keep an eye out for this big "H", 'cause that's where heaven is.
Russ Powell: Well, we can do "Viva Las Vegas", but we, uh, I have it on cassette.
(Shot of the Big Board, total is still at $31.10)
GIVE UNTIL IT HURTS(555) 555-PENCE
Space Ghost: I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to blast you, because we're not getting any calls, and you're the nearest scapegoat.
Russ Powell: Oh, okay.
Space Ghost: (blasts them off the monitor) (subdued) Well, what else can I say, except... (looks at his blue card) Ladies and gentlemen... (band music plays)
NEW CHICAGO(555) 555-KYAT
Zorak: Oh, no!
Space Ghost: Pete Michael.
Pete Michael: (walking onto stage) Thank you.
Brak: Oh, you're welcome!
Pete Michael: Thank you, Ghost Planet, it's great to see everyone. Even you, Zorak.
COMEDY AIN'T FREE, YOU KNOW(555) 555-HAHA
Zorak: Shine on, you crazy diamond. (rim shot)
Pete Michael: (looks around)
Space Ghost: Phones are open, folks.
Pete Michael: Guys, we cannot pick up women in fast food restaurants. There is only one person who can pick up a girl at the salad bar at Burger King. That person, of course, is... (turns around, puts on wig)
PARADISE ISLAND(555) 555-SHEKEL
Brak: Pete Michael! Pete Michael? You, Pete Michael! Pete Michael!
Pete Michael: (turns around, wearing Kramer wig) Kramer, from "Seinfeld".
Space Ghost: Kramer!?
Brak: Oh boy, an impression!
Tansut: You see, he's gonna act like Kramer from "Seinfeld", but he's really not.
NO MORE I.O.U.'s PLEASE(555) 555-ZLOTY
Brak: Aw, what a gyp.
Pete Michael: (doing Kramer gestures and voice) Cucumbers. Roughage. Cool! So, can I buy you a pie? Aaaaa!
RIGEL IV(555) 555-RUPEE
Space Ghost: (In my head, where it's safe a warm, I'm making lots of money.)
Pete Michael: ... Oh, yes. (phone rings in background) (normal voice) I've never done anything where absolutely nobody laughs.
Moltar: Welcome to Space Ghost Coast to Coast.
WHAT'S THE HOLD UP?(555) 555-NOW!
Space Ghost: Oh, they're laughin' alright.
Brak: Space Ghost! There's a call!
Space Ghost: Is it one of those Hineys?
Brak: Um... yes.
LYTHION(555) 555-JANE
Space Ghost: Argh! That's it! (pounds desk) I've had it with you people! I do this Hindenburg of a talk show each week, and where does it get me? Humiliation City, population one. Listen up, TV land: if you don't give me all your money, I'm.. gonna.. uh, shoot Brak!
DO WE HAVE TO THREATEN YOU?(555) 555-PAIN
Brak: I didn't do anything bad! (sobbing) I don't wanna be shot!
Space Ghost: What am I doing? Brak, I, I am sorry.
Brak: It's okay, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: It is? Well then... (blasts Brak)
TRALFAMADORE(555) 555-GIVEIT
Brak: Aaaaa! (blam!) Yeow, that smarts.
Space Ghost: There! See? See what you people made me do? (dramatic drum roll, Big Board counts down)
All: Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two! One!
CHECK UNDER THE CUSHIONS(555) 555-NICKELS
Black Widow: O-o-o-o-o!
Zorak: Happy new year!
Space Ghost: Whoa, mama! Come on, come on, come on, c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon! Yes! (digits start to reveal themselves, total is larger than $31.10) Yes! (pounds his desk)
$-814,375.76
Space Ghost: Wh- wha, whu, but th-th-th-that's impossible, Moltar, because we...
PARIS (NO HARD FEELINGS?)(555) 555-FRANC
Moltar: Well, the big board cost fifteen thou, and there's the added phone lines, teamsters, catering from Taco King. (Moltar's monitor says: SAYS WHO?, credits roll) The blue screen for the comedian, that cost ten grand, plus he took a cab. The weather graphics, "Barb Wire" rental, the Council's fees, and, oh yeah, the eighty thousand dollar Ming dynasty vase that Brak is about to knock over.
Brak: Dig this, Ming, I'm sick of your dynasty! (sound of vase breaking)
(screen goes black)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's going on?
Moltar: Um, they cut the power.
(Credits roll)
Tansut: (whispers) Hey! Let's all take off our masks! (laughs)
(Cash register sound)

GUEST STARSBob AbdouPete MichaelRuss Powell
WRITERSEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSJon Schnepp(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillDon KennedyJudy Tenuta
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDave Strandquest
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
CAMERA SUPERVISORRon Sutton
AUDIO SUPERVISORRob Mason
TECHNICAL DIRECTORBryan Smythe
LIGHTING DIRECTORJohn Luegering
CAMERAMelinda NicholsMichael Delavallade
LIGHTING ASSISTThomas BranchJohn Halden
AUDIOBruce GreenhutChris Ivey
TAPELes Umberger
MAKEUPMaxi Spisak
VIDEOJim Reeves
EDIT ASSISTJames DansereauTim Schnack
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanBen MorganJohnSchimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSSheldon LevineAccuWeatherLaura Klene
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
HATSMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 56 - "Dimethylpyrimidinol Bisulfite"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:56
Title:Dimethylpyrimidinol Bisulfite
Original Air Date:December 25, 1997
Guest Stars:Pat Boone, Chuck D

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, you people. I am the Space Ghost. If music be the food of love, then I'm gonna eat lots of the food of love. Why? Because my guests are crooners Pat Boone and Chuck D.
Zorak: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Yes?
Zorak: Do you suffer from:o Inflamationo Chafingo Uncomfortable Redness
Space Ghost: (silence) What?
Zorak: Don't be embarrassed.
Space Ghost: (low voice) What are you talkin' about?
Zorak: Only the comfort and affordability of Dr. Kwazar's Industrial Ointment.
Space Ghost: Ointment?
Zorak: Industrial ointment!
Space Ghost: (stares)
Zorak: It's good.
Moltar: Hey, Space Ghost, lemme clue you in to the premise of this episode.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
FEAR OF A GHOST PLANET
Moltar: Zorak just got his first endorsement deal.
Zorak: Deal? Let me tell you about a good deal. And a good ointment. (holding up a "Dr. Kwazar's Industrial Ointment" sign) Dr. Kwazar's Industrial Ointment...
Space Ghost: Yeah yeah yeah yeah, celebrity endorsement. I remember my first one of those. And, this goes along with the premise.
(Flashback to black & white "Space Ghost" cartoon clip, with scratchy audio)
Space Ghost: (blasting a lava alien) Take that, you hot creature! (60's TV commercial music in background) Ah! After I finish off a horde of nasty villains, I like to re-energize with the delicious taste of Sugarman's Potted Meat Food Product. Sugarman's Potted Meat Food Product contains 2% real meat, and meat byproducts. That's right, 2% real meat to go along with superhero-sized portions of sodium nitrate, potassium bicarbonate, pyrodoxine hydrochloride, biotin, cobalt iodate, thiamine mononitrate, thenadiol bisulfite, sodium selenite, D-L-alpha-tocopperal acetate, glucaronalactone, lanacetol, pantothenic acid, and maltodextrin. Ask for Sugarman's. Meat like Grandma used to pot. (smile sparkles) (music ends)
(End of flashback)
Space Ghost: (eating a sandwich) Mmm, mmm, mmm...
Zorak: I thought they went outta business.
Space Ghost: (talking with his mouth full) Yeah, but I got a closet full of this stuff. That's how they paid me. Mmm, ah. Suckers.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
TERMINATOR X TO THE EDGE OF PAN
Pat Boone: (on control room monitor, to Moltar) (puts on sunglasses) If I start like this, that would be okay, at some point I'll take 'em off, maybe put 'em back, but that's okay?
Moltar: You've obviously given this a lot of thought.
Pat Boone: Space Ghost might, if he wants to, make some reference to the fact that, uh, they thought they had...
Moltar: You're wearing sunglasses?
Pat Boone: Well, no, he thought they had Pat Boone here, but obviously they got, they've made a mistake, they've got some heavy metal rocker here or something.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
??? WATCHA GOT
Moltar: Ih.. sure, you can give him that option. But, uh.. lose the gum.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
RIGHSTARTER
Pat Boone: (gets rid of his gum) Okay.
Space Ghost: My first guest is my all-time favorite recording artist of all time!
Pat Boone: (on monitor, lowering from ceiling) I am Pat Boone.
Space Ghost: We need to lose the glasses, Pat.
Pat Boone: (takes off sunglasses) Oh, well, that could be arranged. Did I shake you up a little bit?
Space Ghost: No.
Pat Boone: (pause) Listen, I am really delighted...
Space Ghost: Pat, in 1955 you recorded the monster hit "April Love". Who was your inspiration for that masterpiece?
Pat Boone: Well, yes, I was influenced, uh, I don't know if you remember the great name Bing Crosby.
Space Ghost: Der Bingle!
Pat Boone: Der Bingle, you're right, hey, you continually amaze me, yes...
Space Ghost: That's because I'm amazing. Did you know I invented the cotton gin, because I needed a more efficient way to de-seed my cotton bales? And, get this: I've never owned a watch.
Pat Boone: Good.
Zorak: Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin!
Space Ghost: Lies! Stop with your slanderous lies! Just because you've never done anything, you lazy piece of space garbage! (softly) The look, the feel of cotton! That's all mine!!!
Pat Boone: It does not surprise me. It really doesn't surprise me.
Space Ghost: Zorak, every time you swab your filthy ears, you should fall to your knees and thank me for me and my amazing invention!
Zorak: Ih, yeah, I'll do that. Pat, do you suffer from inflamation?
Pat Boone: Boy, I don't know about you space creatures, but Earthlings need lots of fiber.
Space Ghost: It's fiber-licious, Pat.
Pat Boone: Yeah. Keeps you going good.
Zorak: Do you use the ointment?
Space Ghost: Zorak, a talk show is not the place to promote your personal projects! Boy, scolding Zorak sure builds up a man-sized appetite! I could go for a bowl of pulverized organ mash, basted in sweet intestinal bile fluids. (Then strap on your bib, Space Ghost, and saddle up to a heapin' helpin' of Sugarman's bovine-flavored potted meat! Have a cow, man! A Sugarman cow!)
Pat Boone: (You certainly, hey, that could be your slogan.)
Space Ghost: (Who-o-oa. hey Pat, we're readin' each other's heads!)
Pat Boone: (I know, see, and, and I'm enjoying this.)
Zorak: Hey, why are you guys just sittin' there, eh?
Pat Boone: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (laughs) (Zorak has a tiny brain.)
Pat Boone: (Yeah, well, maybe you got a point.)
Space Ghost: Ahem! Do you remember that time at Radio City, I was the one in the third row from the back. You know, the one with the mask and the cape, and I was saying, "Go, Pat. Sing another song." That was a little cheer I made up. Remember that?
Pat Boone: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: Go, Pat. Sing another song.
Pat Boone: (sings) La la la-a-a, la la la la la la la la-a-a-a!
Space Ghost: (grins) Go, Pat. Sing another song.
Pat Boone: (snapping his fingers, sings) Space Ghost, he's the Space Most. Yes, the Space Ghost. Now see, that's only got one note.
Space Ghost: But the way you sing it, Pat, makes me think it's got at least three.
Pat Boone: (still snapping) Space Ghost, (ah, ah) he's the Space Most, (Space Ghost begins bouncing in his seat) (ah ah) Yeah, the Space Ghost (ah, ah, ah) he's the Space Ghost. Anyway, we can take it from there, there should probably be at least one other melodic note.
Space Ghost: We should cut that, man. We should go into the studio and lay that bad boy down, right now while the creative juices are still flowin'. Come on, Pat, let's go! (flies off) Pa-a-at!
INTERRUPT TRANSMISSION
RESUME TRANSMISSION
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk)
Zorak: How'd your session go?
Space Ghost: Sweet as ice!
Zorak: Oh yeah?
Space Ghost: I had to punch Pat in the jaw a couple of times, but other than that, I'd say we built a wall of groove!
Zorak: (pause) Well, let's hear it.
Space Ghost: Pat's still tinkerin' with the mix. And now, let's mess up the mix, for rap artist Chuck D.
Chuck D: (on monitor, lowering from ceiling) Hey, thanks a lot.
Space Ghost: Greetings, Chuck ol' buddy.
Chuck D: So, Space Ghost, I've been a fan of yours since about 1966, remember?
Space Ghost: (sighs) 1966.
(Screen fades, with choir music, to reveal black screen with large "1996" digits)
Voice: 1966! (screen fades back to studio)
Space Ghost: Those four numerals, placed sequentially, still look the same.
Zorak: Chuck, do you use the ointment?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: I'm just askin'!
Space Ghost: Don't answer that, Chuck. My bandleader is wack.
Chuck D: There's no such thing as, as anybody being wack, it just means that, you know, you need to work on your stuff a little better.
Space Ghost: Oh, he's wack all right. He's a wacky pack!
Chuck D: Okay.
Zorak: I have a rap question.
Space Ghost: (glares at Zorak)
Zorak: Do rappers use the ointment?
Space Ghost: Okay, Zorak, I'm sick of this. Tell us about your amazing ointment, and get it out of your system, so you'll shut up!
Zorak: It, um, oh, um, it's, it's, it's good, um, it's, it's, it's good ointment.
Space Ghost: Is that it? Are ya done?
Zorak: It, uh, it, it makes your skin all creamy and nice. (squirt!) Here, uh, dab some on your face.
Space Ghost: No!
Zorak: Okay, it's, I mean, you don't have to, it's.. your loss, really.
Space Ghost: Shut up!
Zorak: (pause) You know, it's your skin.
Space Ghost: Shut up!
Zorak: (pause) But see, look at my pincers...
Space Ghost: SHUT UP!!
Zorak: Okay!
Moltar: Hey, Chuck, you wanna run some ball later? I can make a lay-up.
Chuck D: I used to dunk when I was in eleventh grade.
Moltar: I, uh, I have to bounce the ball with both hands.
Chuck D: I hear ya, you ever go down to the run and shoot?
Moltar: Uh, no, but one time I blew up a porta-potty.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
911 IS A JOKE
Chuck D: Oh, hey.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
BROTHERS GONNA WORK IT OUT
Moltar: I had to change clothes after that.
Space Ghost: Now Chuck, my favorite rapper is M. C. Escher.
Chuck D: I could tell.
Space Ghost: Please, Escher, don't hurt 'em.
Zorak: Hey, Chuck, how do you feel about the east coast / west coast beef?
Chuck D: East coast / west coast, ah, I just think it's, it's largely fake.
Zorak: Alright.
Chuck D: So don't believe the hype.
Space Ghost: Chuck, what's with all the record scratchin'? I mean, records aren't made to take that kind of a beating.
Chuck D: (laughs) Maybe not, Space Ghost.
Zorak: You like Goody Mo B?
Chuck D: Yeah, Goody Mo's the bomb. Now, Goody Mo, Fugees...
Zorak: Wu Tang!
Chuck D: Yeah, Wu Tang, you know, they hittin' near the bottom, I think...
Space Ghost: You don't have to talk to Zorak, Chuck. He's not dope or fresh!
Zorak: He's askin' some, some pretty good rap questions.
(Rappin' Space Goblin appears, with rap music intro)
Rappin' Space Goblin: Well, I'm the Space Goblin, and I'm here to sayThat stayin' in school is A-okay.If you wanna good job, and you wanna do right,Then stay in school... it's outta sight.
Space Ghost: Well, look, everyone, it's the Rappin' Space Goblin, here to do us a "solid", by providing some valuable information for you kids out there. Let's listen...
Rappin' Space Goblin: Well, I'm the Space Goblin, and I'm here to sayThat if you're crossin' the street, you best look both ways.
Space Ghost: Say, Chuck, would you care to break some rhymes with the Space Goblin?
Chuck D: (shakes his head) Nah.
Space Ghost: Your loss. Rappin' Space Goblin, what's the "word" on the street regarding a healthy diet?
Rappin' Space Goblin: We-e-e-e-ell, I'm the Space Goblin, and I'm here to sayThat eatin' vegetables is A-okay.Like - Arrggghh! (gets blasted by Zorak)
Zorak: (holding his blast rifle) Aah, 'ere we go.
Space Ghost: Zorak, you have destroyed an important educational tool.
Zorak: So?
Space Ghost: And a dear friend. (aims power band and blasts Zorak)
Zorak: Aaaagh!
Chuck D: Everything is cool, everything's peace in here, right?
Space Ghost: Yeah yeah yeah yeah. And now, let's listen to Mr. Pat Boone and I performing my new hit single, "Space Ghost, He's the Space Most".
(Credits roll during following "song":)
Pat Boone: Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost!
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most.
Space Ghost: I'm the Space Ghost!
Pat Boone: Yes, the Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost!
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most.
Space Ghost: He's the Space Most!
Pat Boone: Yes, the Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost!
Pat Boone: Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: You know the words!
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most. Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: I'm the Space Most!
Pat Boone: Yeah, the Space Ghost. Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: Yeah! The Space Ghost.
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most.
Space Ghost: I'm the Space Most!
Pat Boone: Yes, the Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: That's me!
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most.
Space Ghost: I'm the one!
Pat Boone: Yes, the Space Ghost. Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost!
Pat Boone: He's the Space Most. Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: Come on!
Pat Boone: Yeah, the Space Ghost. Ah. Ah.
Space Ghost: Yeah! The Space Ghost.
Pat Boone: La la la-a-a, la la la la la la la la-a-a-a!

GUEST STARSPat BooneChuck D
WRITERSBen KarlinRich DahmAlan Laddie
EDITORSJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerGus JordanBruce Taylor
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ANIMATORSC. Martin CrokerDave Strandquest
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNSJames HuffmanJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSChristopher WeedPalmer Norwood
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVEPRODUCER Keith Crofford
SHOESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 57 - "Joshua"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:57
Title:Joshua
Original Air Date:December 31, 1997
Guest Stars:Tony Bennett, Tom Arnold, Afro-Plane, Kathy Kinney, Ginny, the Dog Who Saves Cats, Paul Gilmartin, Annabelle Gurwitch, John Flansburgh, William, the King of Imagination, Ryah Rosenberg, Sean Medlock

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
The video you are about to watchis for internal use only.It is NOT for public broadcast.
(Action scenes from original "Space Ghost" cartoons)
Announcer: He's brash. He's bold. And, he takes no prisoners, except for Moltar and Zorak.
Zorak: Hey, how ya doin'?
SPACE GHOST2000ROCKETINGINTO THE FUTURE!
Space Ghost: (aiming his power bands) This ray has your name on it, but only if your name is Destructo. Peter Destructo.
Announcer: His name?
Space Ghost: Space Ghost!
Announcer: Yes, he's Space Ghost, and he's your new world-wide marketing tool 2000. When it comes to your product or business, he's your space age pack horse.
Space Ghost: (at his desk) Saddle me up, and ride me into the future.
Announcer: Hi, I'm David Caldwell, get ready for the adventure of a lifetime. Space Ghost 2000, rocketing into the future!
SPACE GHOST2000ROCKETINGINTO THE FUTURE!
Announcer: Welcome to Ghost Planet Industries, gateway to humor for literally hundreds of television viewers. It all starts with the Space Ghost from Coast to Coast writers. Here they are, hard at work, fine-tuning a script for an upcoming episode. We'd better leave them to their work, they've got more comedy to write. Each of the jokes written by the comedy writing team are factory tested in a GPI research laboratory, using randomly selected focus group viewers.
Zorak: That's not my hand, it's my pincer.
(No reaction from focus group)
Announcer: Oh, that line needs a little reworking. ("pincer" is erased on chalk board; then, Andy gets an idea)
Zorak: That's not my hand, it's my butt.
(One person in focus group laughs)
Announcer: Looks like we've got a winner! We'll take a closer look at closer look at the making of Space Ghost from Coast to Coast in a moment. But first...
SPACE GHOST2000THE BRANDCALLED ME
Announcer: It's a brand new world, everything you wear.
(Camera zooms in on a row of sneakers on the floor)
Announcer: The sneakers on your feet: branded
(Camera zooms in on a row of sneakers on the floor)
Announcer: The hat on your head: branded.
(Camera zooms in on a row of sneakers on the floor)
Announcer: How about the coffee you drink? All branded.
Space Ghost: It's time for me, and you, to learn a little bit about branding.
Moltar: Space Ghost, do you mean "branding" with a hot iron?
Space Ghost: Ha ha ha heh. No, Moltar, not that type of branding.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
HA HA HA HEH. NO MOLTAR
Zorak: Then tell us, Space Ghost, what's "branding"?
Space Ghost: Here, let me explain. Let's say you have a rowboat, a cow, and the big man.
Zorak: You mean Clarence Clemmons?
Space Ghost: Of course. Now, the cow wants to transport Clarence across the river. But remember, the cow is on fire, and Clarence has no hands or bucket, so he has to untilize his hooks, and the mighty power of his saxophone!
Announcer: Space Ghost is talking about the three R's: Reliability, Ratings, and (Relivery, replaced by) Delivery. Let's start with R number one:
RELIABILITY
Announcer: (multicolor text "RESEARCH" flies across screen, followed by various film clips) Based on our analysis of relative price value factors, subjective hosted product placement decisions versus generic yield acceptibility, our directly linked network programming identity and the investment in demographic icon synergisticality.
Space Ghost: (pops his head in) It's that simple, and that hard.
Announcer: Let's look at R number two: (multicolor text "POWER" flies across screen)
Space Ghost: What's the real power of me?
Announcer: Space Ghost is talking about the Feature Benefit Model (subtitle: FEATURE BENEFIT MODEL)
Space Ghost: Remember, 'power' is not a dirty word.
Announcer: In a moment, we'll take a closer look at Space Ghost as a Feature Benefit Model (subtitle: FEATURE BENEFIT MODEL)
Space Ghost: (looking at his image in the studio monitor) I'm starting with the man in the mirror.
Announcer: First, this:
SPACE GHOST2000OPERATIONSTAR POWER
Announcer: An integral element of the success that is Space Ghost from Coast to Coast is the remarkable celebrity interviews.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
AN INTEGRAL ELEMENT OF THE SUCCESS
(followed by)
THE REMARKABLE CELEBRITY INTERVIEWS
Announcer: Here's a sneak peek at an upcoming interview with the one and only Tony Bennett.
(Tony lowers from ceiling on studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings!
SPACE GHOST2000SUPERSTARTOM ARNOLD
Announcer: Let's join Space Ghost and the star of "Car Pool" and "Big Bully", Tom Arnold.
Tom Arnold: Actually, that second show was called "Tom". This show is called "The Tom Show", which is different. And that, because I think it's easier to find in the TV Guide.
Space Ghost: You should call it "Tommy".
Tom Arnold: Yeah, I thought of that, my grandma would like that. Um, but, you know, I'm not sure...
Space Ghost: How about "Tom Tom the Tom"?
Tom Arnold: What was that again? "Tom Tom the Tom"?
Space Ghost: No, "Tom Tom the Tom Tom." Tom.
Tom Arnold: That's, that's, that's good. I mean, that's, that's okay...
Moltar: (walks away from control room monitor)
Space Ghost: Hey! Moltar, put your pants on and direct the show!
Moltar: Get lost, man!
Announcer: Let's stop here. We don't want to give too much away. Now let's listen as Space Ghost tells us about some of his upcoming guests.
Space Ghost: Rap group Afro-Plane. Female Kathy Kinney. Ginny, The Dog Who Saves Cats. "Dinner and A Movie" hosts Paul and Annabelle.
Paul Gilmartin: How ya doin', Space Ghost?
Annabelle Gurwitch: Oh, hey there!
Space Ghost: From the pop group "They Might Be Giants", John Flansburgh. And special surprise guest, William, the King of Imagination!
William: My name is William, I am the King of Imagination. I am a modern wizard in training.
REALIZEYOURMARKETABILITY
BYUTILIZINGA
LEVERAGEDSTRATEGICSYNERGY
Announcer: Sporting goods.
(Space Ghost is wearing a tennis outfit, standing in front of the bandstand)
Space Ghost: Tennis, anyone?
Announcer: Psychic advisor.
(Space Ghost is wearing a "Karnac the Great" turban)
Space Ghost: Only I can see your future. I've been there!
Announcer: Dermatological creams and jellies.
(Space Ghost's face is covered with zits)
Space Ghost: (his zits disappear with a flash) Wow! Look out, girls!
Announcer: Who can turn the world on with a smile?
(Moltar's monitor says:)
WHO CAN TURN THE WORLD ON WITH A SMILE?
Moltar: (pulls lever) Space Ghost! (monitor shows Space Ghost, his smile sparkles)
Announcer: Who can take a nothing day, and suddenly make it all seem worthwhile? (Space Ghost dances at his desk)
Space Ghost: You know who!
Announcer: That's right! And you too can take advantage of this manly lantern-like jaw. I mean, look at it!
Space Ghost: (closeup of his jaw) Eh? There you go.
Announcer: Just think of how exciting your next corporate retreat will be with a special appearance by the man himself. (monitor shows Space Ghost dancing with a group of people at a corporate retreat)
(Moltar's monitor says:)
APPEARANCE BY THE MAN HIMSELF
Moltar: (pulls lever) Space Ghost!
(Moltar's monitor says:)
SPACE GHOST!
(Monitor shows Space Ghost, his smile sparkles)
Announcer: Here's a sample:
Space Ghost: (at his desk) Greetings, heating and cooling fixtures executives of America! Climate control! Am I right? (taps his card)
Announcer: But that's not all. Space Ghost can also take care of all your landscaping needs, home or office.
Space Ghost: (riding a lawn tractor) Dyin' out here! Can I get a glass of water?
Announcer: Imagine the envy of your business competitors when they see Space Ghost bush-hogging your shrubbery.
Space Ghost: (as his cape gets caught in the mower) Oh! My cape! My cape! Aaaaaaa!
STILLNOT CONVINCED?
Announcer: Still not convinced? For a limited time only, if you take advantage of the power of the Space Ghost, you'll receive this deluxe cannister set! Think of it, a dashing superhero, and a deluxe cannister set, available this calendar year. And also, this shiny object! You heard right, a dashing superhero, a deluxe cannister set, and a shiny object, all in one out-of-this-world package! Oooh, and hey, look at this! (the old "disconnected thumb trick) (rim shot) Ow! How does he do that? I wonder... Now, look over here.
SPACE GHOST2000BEHINDTHE SCENES
Announcer: Zorak's in the recording studio, about to record those funny lines that the writers were writing earlier. Let's listen:
Zorak: That's not my hand; it's your butt.
Moltar: No no no, my butt.
Zorak: Well, that's what I'm sayin'. It's your butt.
Moltar: No, it's not your butt: my butt.
Zorak: That's what I just said: your butt.
Moltar: My butt!
Zorak: So... your butt.
Moltar: Just do the line!
Announcer: From there, the tapes are put in a magic closet where they will sit for three magical days. After this magical waiting period, the tapes are then put.. somewhere. But, that's not important. What's important is that Space Ghost is your ticket to a solid financial future. (big $ appears, with cash register sound)
Space Ghost: Your opportunity is unlimited!
Zorak: Fermez la bouche!
Announcer: (laughs) What does that mean?
Zorak: It means "shut your mouth"!
Announcer: But I'm not even on your planet!
Zorak: (pause) Who are you?
Moltar: (laughs)
Announcer: As you can plainly see, life on the Ghost Planet is really fun! And you can be a part of that fun! Let's take a closer look.
(Moltar's monitor says:)
LET'S TAKE A CLOSER LOOK
Moltar: Ho ho, yeah!
SPACE GHOST2000PRODUCTPLACEMENT
Space Ghost: (behind a huge can of Mendoza's Tomato Juice) Drink this juice! It's goooood stuff!
SPACE GHOST2000WHAT'S THEFUTURE OF YOU?
Space Ghost: When it comes time to allocate your advertising dollars, and/or to make your endorsement selections, please let the Space Ghost be a part of the future of you!
Announcer: Why? Because Space Ghost from Coast to Coast is a solution with real value.
A SOLUTIONWITH REAL VALUE
Space Ghost: (sputters) That makes sense even to a brash superhero such as me!
Moltar: That's right, SG.
Space Ghost: That's right, Moltar.
Zorak: That's right, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak.
Brak: That's right, Space Ghost, Zorak, and Moltar.
Announcer: That's right, guys. I guess that's why we call Space Ghost from Coast to Coast a valuable solution with real.
A VALUABLE SOLUTIONWITH REAL
Announcer: (a high-speed montage of past episode clips, plus a few surprises) So, what have we learned? (laughs) Heck, I don't know. That this is one crazy show! And, I'm Dick Dickenbach. Bye now!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Hello, I'm Space Ghost. My guests are the winners of the "Haikuin' for Space Ghost" contest, Ryah Rosenberg and Sean Medlock. Zorak, play me to the desk and let's get this over with.
Zorak: (plays some wailing Sharrock guitar on his keyboard)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Now, let's meet our first winner, Ryah Rosenberg.
Ryah Rosenberg: (lowers from ceiling on monitor) Hey, great to be here.
Space Ghost: Tell us a bit about yourself.
Ryah Rosenberg: I am from Phoenix, Arizona...
Space Ghost: Okay, read your thing.
Ryah Rosenberg: All right, my winning haiku went something like this:I'll level with you:Let me on your show, I wantA day off from school.
Space Ghost: (pause) (blasts her from the monitor) Moltar, send out the other one.
Moltar: (Monitor text alternates between:)
CAUTION HIGH VOLTAGE
(and)
DANGER HIGH VOLTAGE
(Moltar throws lever, and Sean's image become a photo-negative.)
Sean Medlock: (makes faces and funny noises)
Moltar: Oops! (laughs) (throws lever) Oops! (throws lever again and again, making Sean contort) Oops! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Send out the other one!
Moltar: Awright, awright. (throws lever, sending Sean to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: Okay, Medlock, read your deal.
Sean Medlock: I hope I don't win,The rules say to bring a friend,I don't have any.
Space Ghost: You won for that?
Sean Medlock: Mmm hmm, kind of surprising, isn't it?
Space Ghost: Yup. Goodnight, everybody.
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: This is the end of the show.
(Funny sound effect)

GUEST STARSTony BennettTom ArnoldAfro-PlaneKathy KinneyGinny, the Dog Who Saves CatsPaul GilmartinAnnabelle GurwitchJohn FlansburghWilliam, the King of ImaginationRyah RosenbergSean Medlock
WRITERSChip DuffeyAndy MerrillPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSKen BradyJay Edwards(inverted) Tom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerBruce TaylorAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
3D ANIMATORDerald Hunt
ART DIRECTORRandall Lane
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
CAMERAJohn Walsh
VIDEO TECHChris Linder
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORIsabel Gonzalez
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSJames HuffmanGus JordanMaya McClure
INTERNJohn Schimansky
SPACE GHOST'S FORMER MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSKaren GoeckelShannon KilgallenEvan DorkinSarah DyerMichelle LongNina BishopJefferson Clay
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
LINE PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERAndy Merrill
PRODUCERChip Duffey
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford
GLOVESMichael Lazzo

© 1997 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 58 - "Terminal"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:58
Title:Terminal
Original Air Date:August 6, 1998
Guest Stars:Dr. Drew Pinsky, Marc Weiner
Synopsis:Space Ghost diagnoses himself with a terminal illness and tries to convince guest star Dr. Drew to let him take his clothes off. We also discover that Zorak likes sad piano music in this "whacked-out" episode.(Synopsis by Sinko)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar in the commissary)
Space Ghost: I'm sorry about this, but I can't help it. And I can't talk to you two long or I'll get upset. (sobs) I want you two to make a lot of friends, and I want you to be real nice to the girls, 'cause they're going to be real important to you soon. I swear.
Zorak: We're not afraid of girls, what makes you think that?
Space Ghost: You may be later on.
Zorak: I doubt it.
Moltar: Why don't you shut up? Shut up!
Zorak: You shut up!
Space Ghost: You be sweet. Be sweet! And stop trying to pretend that you hate me. I mean, that's silly.
Moltar: I like you.
Space Ghost: Okay then. Will you listen especially close? I know you like me. I know it. For the last two years you've been pretending like you hate me. I love you very much. I love you as much as I love anybody. I, I love you as much as I love myself. (piano music swells in background) In a few years when I haven't been around to be on your tail about something or irritating you, you're gonna remember. You're gonna remember the time I bought you the baseball glove, when you thought we were too broke. Or when I read you stories. When I let you goof off instead of mowing the lawn. Lots of things like that. And you're gonna realize that you loved me, and maybe you'll feel bad because you never told me. I know that you love me.
(Music gets louder and louder, drowning out Space Ghost; it is coming from Zorak's boom box)
Zorak: I love this song!
(Sunset in background; singing with guitar accompaniment begins)
When thoughtsOf the last bitter hour come like a blightover thy spirit, and sad imagesOf the stern agony, and shroud, and pall,And breathless darkness, and the narrow house,Make thee to shudder, and grow sick at heart;Go forth, under the open sky, and listTo Nature's teachings, while from all around--Earth and her waters, and the depths of air--Comes a voice--Yet a few days, and theeThe all-beholding sun shall see no moreIn all his course; nor yet in the cold ground,Where thy pale form was laid, with many tears.
(Space Ghost invisos to set)
Space Ghost: Greetings, I'm Space Ghost. And I have a very important annoucement to make concerning my death. (sighs) Ladies and gentlemen, I, Space Ghost, am dying.
(Zorak and Way-outs play some upbeat Dixieland music)
Moltar: So, are you gonna go to your desk?
Space Ghost: (distraught) I can't.
Moltar: Why not?
Space Ghost: Or it may be my last time. Soon, I will no longer be bound to this -
Moltar: (shouts) Move it!
Space Ghost: (sighs) I'm gonna miss this part. (invisos to desk) (way-outs stop playing) I love that part. (sniffs and sobs)
Moltar: Uh, can I have your cape?
Space Ghost: I need my cape.
Moltar: Not where you're going. (laughs)
Space Ghost: (sobs quietly with hand over his face)
Zorak: Would you feel better if I jabbed you in the eye?
Space Ghost: (stops sobbing) No, I feel okay.
Zorak: How about a head butt?
Space Ghost: No, no thank you. (sobs again) It's just there's so many things I haven't done with my life.
Moltar: Like what?
Space Ghost: Like what?! Well, for one thing, I've never ridden on a barge. And, I've never met Boomer Esiason. It's all so unfair! (choir voices swell in background; Space Ghost flies into space) I've never even eaten an omelet. (flies back to his desk) Oh well, surely there are omelets in heaven.
Moltar: What makes you so sure you're going to heaven?
Space Ghost: Oh, whatever. As long as they have omelets.
Zorak: You're just makin' this up so we'll feel bad for ya!
Space Ghost: Frankly, Zorak, that's offensive. Like I would make up such a thing. (coughs twice, very unconvincingly) See, you hear that? It won't be long now.
Moltar: Yeah, um, what's gonna happen to us?
Space Ghost: Well, you're free to go. Isn't that great?
Zorak: (stares wide-eyed)
Moltar: Really?
Space Ghost: No. (laughs) You're part of a franchise. And by the end of tonight's show, we'll have my replacement. So to get that going, bring in my first guest.
Marc Weiner: (lowers on monitor, in "Weinerville" miniature person set) Aha! Joey Deluxe, super-agent.
Space Ghost: Greetings, Joey. I understand you represent top-notch talent.
Marc Weiner: That's right!
Space Ghost: Joey, I need your help. I've been diagnosed as one who is near death.
Marc Weiner: (trying to keep his toupe from falling off) I'd like to help you out, but I got a little problem of my own right now.
Space Ghost: Joey, do you have any ideas of who could replace me as host of this show? I know it's a tall order.
Marc Weiner: (his toupe falls over his face) Space Ghost! Ah, oh boy! Help me! It's, it's an alien, it's takin' over my face!
Space Ghost: Now, it should be someone just like me, only not dead.
Marc Weiner: Ah, fantastic! Was that a joke?
Space Ghost: Very serious, Joey.
Marc Weiner: What an operation.
Space Ghost: So, can you help me?
Marc Weiner: Ha ha! Fantastic!
Space Ghost: Fantastic!
Marc Weiner: Fantastic! Ow! Ow! Ahh! (toupe falls off again) (fades from monitor)
Space Ghost: Fantastic!
Zorak: (glares)
Space Ghost: (sighs) I really love these cards. They're a part of me. They've been along for the ride. (tap tap tap) What a ride it has been. (tap) I'd do it all over again if I could, but next time there would be a little Space Ghost to extend the family line.
(Transition to imaginary alternate timeline; Space Ghost in Phantom Cruiser with little Space Ghost beside him)
Roy Allen: (sobbing)
Space Ghost: What's the matter, Roy Allen?
Roy Allen: (sobbing) I didn't hit the ball today!
Space Ghost: Oh, there's plenty of other balls in the sea, son. Besides, you're not very talented. Ya have no hand-eye coordination.
Roy Allen: (continues sobbing)
(Transition back to studio)
Space Ghost: Zorak, Moltar, listen up (Choir voices swell in background) When I inviso out -- all the way out -- I want to be buried right here, in the studio.
Moltar: Space Ghost, what if you don't die?
Space Ghost: Well, that would be good for me, Moltar.
Moltar: No, I mean, what if you just go into a coma or somthing. What then? Do we get to pull the plug?
Zorak: Ooh! I wanna pull it!
Moltar: Why should you get to pull it?
Zorak: Oh, come on!
Moltar: I asked!
Space Ghost: Oh, let me sleep on it, I'll let you know tomorrow. (Eh! Listen to me, talkin' about tomorrow. How brave of me.)
(Marc Weiner reappears on monitor, in another guise)
Space Ghost: Well, hello there! Joey Deluxe must've sent you.
Marc Weiner: Greetings, Space Ghost, and a howdy doody to you too!
Space Ghost: Identify yourself, space man!
Marc Weiner: Commander Ozone, Defender of.. the Universe!
Space Ghost: (aside) Joey was right, he's perfect! (to Marc) Commander, have you ever seen my show?
Marc Weiner: Oh no... Dear...
Space Ghost: Well, I'd like you to meet Zorak. He'll be your bandleader. Have you ever worked with a mantis?
Marc Weiner: No I haven't. Maybe you want to tell me about him.
Space Ghost: He's over there on your left.
Marc Weiner: (waves stick) Bad! (waves stick again) Ow! Just hit myself on the head with the stick.
Space Ghost: (laughs) (Hey, I just laughed. That is so brave of me.)
Marc Weiner: Uh oh!
Space Ghost: (... so very brave to laugh...)
Marc Weiner: I'm havin' a little problem here. (his earphone is falling out, he tries to fix it with the puppet's miniature hand) Wait, wait a minute, I'll get that.
Space Ghost: (... when dying...)
Marc Weiner: (his earphone has fallen out) I can't hear you, Space Ghost, we're havin' a, it must be a meteor breakin' us up.
Space Ghost: Never mind that, Commander. Now listen up. After I begin my journey across the river Styx, I still want the name of my show to be Space Ghost Coast to Coast, so you're going to have to change your name to Space Ghost.
Marc Weiner: Yeah, but I'm a Commander! Commander Ozone! My real name is Herbert.
Space Ghost: No, Herbert, your name is Space Ghost. Say it with me: Space Ghost.
Marc Weiner: (in unison) Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Congratulations, son, you've got the job. I know you'll make me proud.
Marc Weiner: Thank you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: No, thank YOU, Space Ghost. (Marc fades from monitor)
Zorak: So, you're really dyin', huh?
Space Ghost: Yup, can you believe it?
Zorak & Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: That's cold, not believing a dying man. (coughs twice unconvincingly again)
Zorak: Yeah, well, we've got a doctor here to give you a second opinion.
Space Ghost: You do?
Zorak: Sure do.
Space Ghost: A doctor.
Zorak: That's right, sweetie.
Space Ghost: Hm. Well, I have no problem with that. A real doctor?
Zorak: Yep.
Space Ghost: Well, I have no problem with that, send him in.
(Drew Pinsky appears on monitor)
Space Ghost: Greetings, Doctor.
Drew Pinsky: Greetings.
Space Ghost: They say I have a terminal illness.
Drew Pinsky: And who, who told you you have that?
Space Ghost: A doctor.
Drew Pinsky: Are you a ghost?
Space Ghost: I'm Space Ghost.
Drew Pinsky: But I mean, are you a phantom or are you a ghost?
Space Ghost: I'm Space Ghost. Should I take my clothes off?
Drew Pinsky: Well, I'm, I, if we're going to...
Space Ghost: Because I don't mind getting a thorough examination.
Drew Pinsky: What was the, what was the problem again?
Space Ghost: Dying, illness, impending death.
Drew Pinsky: But, does the illness have a name?
Space Ghost: They didn't specify. So, do I take my clothes off yet?
Drew Pinsky: Let me, let me keep going with the history before we get on with the taking, taking the clothes off part.
Space Ghost: Right. Sometimes it hurts when I sit down. Is that bad?
Drew Pinsky: I, I'm ... Can we talk about something else?
Space Ghost: I swallowed a bolt once, is that bad?
Drew Pinsky: A what?
Space Ghost: A bolt.
Drew Pinsky: Really. Is that part of the, you know, nutrients spectrum for Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: No, dummy, it's metal. Who eats metal?
Drew Pinsky: Okay. And, do you have parents?
Space Ghost: Who doesn't?
Drew Pinsky: Do they have medical problems? Are they still alive?
Space Ghost: Right.
Drew Pinsky: Ah. (pause) Space Ghost, you're not a very good historian.
Space Ghost: Right, so I should take my clothes off.
Drew Pinsky: (trying to keep a straight face) Alright.
Space Ghost: Or I should wait.
Drew Pinsky: Do you have a cardiovascular system?
Space Ghost: What is this, Eleven Questions? Yes, of course I have a vardiocascular system!
Drew Pinsky: Does it resemble the humanoid system?
Space Ghost: Pretty much, except for the no-blood part.
Drew Pinsky: What does it pump around, by the way, if not blood?
Space Ghost: Oh, you know. Juices and such.
Drew Pinsky: Okay. And is there a digestive system?
Space Ghost: Most definitely.
Drew Pinsky: Oh. Yours is having problems?
Space Ghost: It is? Well, that seems to be the problem then.
Drew Pinsky: Ah. That, that's where the disease is, in the digestive system.
Space Ghost: Well, it's gotta be, right? Where else could it be?
Drew Pinsky: Uh, I'll take your word for it.
Space Ghost: You're the doctor.
Drew Pinsky: Yes, absolutely.
Space Ghost: Doctor, break it to the universe how long I've got to live.
Drew Pinsky: Um, given that you would not do this as a ratings ploy, and I genuinely believe your sincerity, let's say death is imminent.
(Zorak and Way-outs start playing upbeat Dixieland jazz music again)
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak with his destructo ray)
Drew Pinsky: I, I hope you're gonna be, uh, okay with the news.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'll get by. (monitor raises to ceiling) Somehow. (alarm clock bell sound) Well, it's.. time for me to die. (gets up and walks in front of desk) Ah. (falls down)
(Camera slowly zooms in on fallen Space Ghost, with eyes closed. Ethereal sound in background slowly swells. After a long time...)
Space Ghost: (still lying on the floor) (opens his eyes) Huh. This isn't so bad.

GUEST STARSDr. Drew PinskyMarc Weiner
WRITTEN BYPete SmithMatt Harrigan
EDITORSJon SchneppTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?The Ross Rising Orchestra
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?Ross Rising
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerGreg Harrison
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTWilem Madison
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureJames HuffmanMichelle A. LongMichael Lazzo
INTERNSJoey GoogeNatali Tesche
SPECIAL THANKSCarolina Pictures, Inc.Isabel GonzalezKenny CrowWilliam Cullen Bryant
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERIsabel Gonzalez
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERBarry Mills
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERPete Smith
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 59 - "Toast"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:59
Title:Toast
Original Air Date:August 13, 1998
Guest Stars:Merrill Markoe, Adam Carolla
Synopsis:Space Ghost shares a love of grilled bread products with returning guest Merrill Markoe, and seeks advice from "Loveline" co-host Adam Corolla.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar in the commissary)
Space Ghost: Boys, this is it: I'm in love.
Moltar: With us?
Space Ghost: No, with Merrill. (slurps coffee) I'm not sure if I remember how to behave around women of the opposite sex. Questions, comments?
Zorak: (blinks)
Moltar: Oh, uh, take your shirt off.
Zorak: (giggles) Yeah, take your shirt off and chase her around. (Zorak and Moltar snicker)
Space Ghost: I can see I'll need to bring in an expert. Moltar, book Lee Majors.
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Greeting! I'm Space Ghost. Zorak, you've got something on your face. Oh, it's your nose! (laughs to himself) Moltar, you also have something on your face. Oh, it's your breathing recepticle! (laughs) (invisos to desk) I'm playful because I'm so deeply in love. My guests tonight include the ravishing radiant and most resplendant lady ever to grace this desperate lonely hovel, writer Merrill Markoe. As well as Hollywood's leading love authority Lee Majors. (looks at his card) Moltar, we can't have Lee Majors in here pawing my precious Merrill. What were you thinking?
Moltar: We can't get him anyway. How about Adam Carolla?
Space Ghost: Um, Hollywood's leading love authority, Adam Carolla. Zorak, play me to the desk.
Zorak: You're already at the desk.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah. I must be crazed with desire. Moltar, bring in my first desk.
Zorak: This woman, she means a lot to you, huh?
Space Ghost: Yeah, Zorak. I'm the happiest I've been since my action series days. She... completes me.
Zorak: Interesting.
Space Ghost: Why is that interesting?
(Monitor lowers with Adam Carolla)
Adam Carolla: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Greetings, Adam! How ya doin'?
Adam Carolla: I'm well, thank you.
Space Ghost: And, thank you for agreeing to help me get some advice for my rendezvous with Merrill.
Adam Carolla: Well, it is part of my job, y'know.
Space Ghost: Yeah right. Adam, love is the universal language, and seeing as I'm not from your universe, I need your help. Will my relationship with Merrill suffer because of our differing gravitational backgrounds?
Adam Carolla: No, uh, although I don't believe your refractory period is quite as long in the absence of gravity.
Space Ghost: Refractory period...
Adam Carolla: I believe even superheroes have refractory periods, don't they?
Space Ghost: Mm. (flies off to control room)
(in control room, Moltar watches a computer generated program of himself and Space Ghost on his monitor)
Moltar: (laughing at program)
Space Ghost: Is she here yet?
Moltar: Nope. (continues laughing)
Space Ghost: What's a refractory period?
Moltar: (perturbed) I'll show ya later.
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: (bounds back to desk) Maybe you should explain what you're talking about to some of our less sophisticated viewers.
Adam Carolla: Well, that is the time between hugging your partner...
Space Ghost: You know, Adam, I can hug all night.
Adam Carolla: Although I never see you with any women.
Space Ghost: What do you mean? Women are all over me like proton shields on the lost city of Guf.
Adam Carolla: But yet you go home from the studio each night alone.
Space Ghost: I have my puzzles.
Adam Carolla: But you can't squeeze puzzles.
Space Ghost: You could squeeze puzzles.
Adam Carolla: Yeah, but the covered bridge you just made would break and go into a million pieces, and you'd have to rebuild it again, on your lonely kitchen table.
Space Ghost: Not if you laminate 'em.
(In control room, Merrill is on Moltar's monitor)
Merrill Markoe: You know what, Moltar, I would like to say that I know, not only do I know Letterman, you know, I know Jay Leno. And I would recommend that if you will allow me to intercede on your behalf, I can try and get you a job with Jay Leno.
Moltar: Would I be allowed to bring my oily directing rags?
Merrill Markoe: Oh, absolutely, you can bring all the flammables you like.
Space Ghost: (in background) Oh, hi Merrill!
Moltar: Uh oh. (clears his throat) So, yeah, hang on while I go let Space Ghost know that you're here.
Space Ghost: Moltar, why didn't you tell me that Merrill was here?
Moltar: Merrill's here.
Space Ghost: (angry) Thanks for the update, Geraldo! Now send her in, ya dumb clown, and don't screw it up or you're dead! (cheerful) See you out there, Merrill!
Space Ghost: (bounds back to desk) Okay, Adam, that's all the time we have, thanks for stopping by.
Adam Carolla: (pause) You're on the Cartoon Network, right?
Space Ghost: You know, that's really a Moltar question, hang on and I'll transfer you. (blasts Adam off the monitor) (smells his breath) (hmmm, minty or mediciney? oh, i can't tell!) My next guest is a very special lady. (taps cards) She means the planet to me, and we couldn't be happier together. Miss Merrill Markoe!
(Monitor lowers with Merrill)
Merrill Markoe: (stares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Well, here we are. Together at last.
Merrill Markoe: (continues staring)
Space Ghost: You... and I. Together at last.
Merrill Markoe: Ah ha, is this the beginning of the interview?
Space Ghost: You like toast?
Merrill Markoe: Hm?
Space Ghost: Do you like toast?
Merrill Markoe: No.
Space Ghost: We have a lot in common. Right, uh, don't we? Y'know, because, uh, because of the toast and all?
Merrill Markoe: (stares)
Space Ghost: Uh... (pounds his desk four times) Pardon me, Merrill, I think someone's at my door.
Merrill Markoe: You're, you're gonna take off in the middle of MY interview, and, and answer the door?
Space Ghost: Yup. (flies off)
Merrill Markoe: (shakes her head, rolls her eyes)
Zorak: So, do you come here often?
Merrill Markoe: I've been on before, you don't recall?
Zorak: Oh yes, how could I forget? It must be wonderful to be so talented and yet, so beautiful.
Merrill Markoe: (smiles, blushing)
Zorak: By the way, I love your body... of work.
(In the control room, Adam is on Moltar's monitor)
Space Ghost: Help me, Adam, I ran out of things to talk about.
Adam Carolla: Oh.
Space Ghost: I think she may be intimidated by my remarkable physique.
Adam Carolla: Uh, women, uh, want, they like a humbler man.
Space Ghost: Humbler, eh?
Adam Carolla: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Well, then I shall unleash a firestorm of humility the likes of which this universe has never seen! (flexes his bulk)
(In the studio)
Zorak: ... and when I'm not making cheese, I spend a lot of my time line-dancing.
Merrill Markoe: Would you be willing to dance with me?
Zorak: Oh, you bet.
Space Ghost: (bounds to desk) Merrill...
Zorak: Shh! Shh!
Space Ghost: Merrill, have I ever told you about how I'm not amazing?
Merrill Markoe: You mind if I ask you a personal question?
Space Ghost: Oh, not at all. We should get to know each other better.
Merrill Markoe: I'm wondering whether or not, are you married?
Space Ghost: Not yet, my pretty pony.
Merrill Markoe: Hm, interesting.
Space Ghost: Why is that interesting?
Merrill Markoe: I don't know, I don't know, I don't see any, are there any females on your show at all? I've never seen a female on your show.
Space Ghost: Uh, you're on...
Merrill Markoe: Besides me, but I mean, in the group that participates in the show, you have that, that...
Space Ghost: Zorak's a woman, aren't you... honey?
Zorak: Nope. I'm all man, AND I can prove it. (sound of garments rustling off-camera)
Space Ghost: Sit down, ya crazy broad! (blasts Zorak) (laughs) Women!
Merrill Markoe: So, you don't have any women at all, on your show?
Space Ghost: What are you getting at?
Merrill Markoe: Well, it just strikes me as being... you know, very...
Space Ghost: Macho?
Merrill Markoe: Well, no.
Space Ghost: What then?
Zorak: Confused.
Space Ghost: (pounds desk four times again) Pardon me, Merrill, I think someone's at my door. (flies off)
Merrill Markoe: Aw, geez...
Zorak: Merrill, I'm sorry, and I don't know why he's treating you this way. He should be asking you about your new book!
Merrill Markoe: (holds up her book) "Merrill Markoe's Guide to Love". I bet it's pretty interesting.
Zorak: It looks fascinating. Like you, Merrill. (laughs)
Merrill Markoe: (laughs)
(In the control room)
Space Ghost: Adam, she's slipping through my fingers! What do I do?
Adam Carolla: Hmmm...
Moltar: Beat it, simpleton! (throws lever, Adam disappears)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what are you doing?
Moltar: You don't need that guy, Space Ghost. I know how women work.
Space Ghost: You do? Tell me!
Moltar: Okay, now listen up.
(In the studio)
Merrill Markoe: Do you like dogs? I got, I, I need to know. I mean, if we're gonna, you know, spend time together, I need to know if you like dogs.
Zorak: Do I like dogs?! I love dogs! Why, do you have a dog?
Merrill Markoe: My dog Louis. (shows picture)
Zorak: Oh, he's darling!
Merrill Markoe: My dog Tex. (shows another picture)
Zorak: Oh, he's a big boy!
(In the control room)
Moltar: Be a man, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: You're right, you're right...
Moltar: Of course I'm right! Now get out there and show me something!
(In the studio)
Merrill Markoe: Winky. (shows another picture)
Zorak: Hey, Winky! What about Bo?
Merrill Markoe: That's right, I don't have a picture of Bo. Do you know Bo?
Zorak: I know all about you, Merrill.
Space Ghost: (bounds to desk) Hey woman, my dinner ready yet? No? Well then, go iron my jeans!
Merrill Markoe: I think you're starting to offend me now.
Space Ghost: This is how we men are, Merrill, so get used to it!
Merrill Markoe: Are you kind of simple-minded?
Space Ghost: Huh?
Merrill Markoe: You are about the most annoying talk show host I've ever dealt with, and I've dealt with them all.
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah? Well, you're the guest who was a whole lot funnier the last time she was on!
Merrill Markoe: And how do you expect me to keep up any kind of energy or mood or anything with you being that rude?
Space Ghost: But I'm supposed to be rude! I'm your lover!
Merrill Markoe: And now you're telling me I'm not funny. You're telling me I was funnier before?
Space Ghost: Hey...
Merrill Markoe: And I'm not as funny now.
Space Ghost: Hey...
Merrill Markoe: What do you want from me?
Space Ghost: Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey HEY!
Merrill Markoe: Well?
Space Ghost: Come over here and give me a kiss.
Merrill Markoe: Hm?
Space Ghost: Plant one on me. You know you want to.
Merrill Markoe: Oh, don't you start. Don't you even try.
Space Ghost: Yeah, right. Now come on!
Merrill Markoe: I would find that...
Space Ghost: Delightful?
Merrill Markoe: ... dangerous and repellant. Don't, don't mess with me that way.
Space Ghost: Here, I'll make it easy for ya. (scoots up close to monitor, makes kissing noises)
Merrill Markoe: Listen, I think, uh, I, I didn't come here to be insulted by you. And, what do you want from me?
Space Ghost: How about a foot rub?
Merrill Markoe: I'm never coming on this show again.
Space Ghost: Aaaagh! Moltar! (flies off)
Merrill Markoe: I don't even care what planet this is. You'll never see me again.
(In the control room)
Space Ghost: Where's Adam, you dolt? I need some good advice!
Moltar: It's too late for that. Check this out. (throws lever; monitor shows Zorak and merrill together)
Space Ghost: (gasps) Zorak!
Zorak: (whispers to merrill's monitor)
Merrill Markoe: Now that you mention it, it is appealing in sort of a dangerous way, yeah. I would, I would like that. Do you mean it, in, in an affectionate way?
Zorak: (whispers some more)
Merrill Markoe: Mmm...
Space Ghost: (bounds to desk) What in Gordon's seed is going on in here? Zorak! (aims power bands at Zorak)
Zorak: Oh! (jumps away from monitor)
(Space Ghost blasts merrill on monitor; she makes funny looping noises, then falls forward)
Space Ghost: (gasps) No!
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: My pretty pony! Why, Zorak, why? You could have had any woman you wanted! But you chose the woman I love almost as much as I love myself! You ruined my life, you ruined her life, and now, I'm going to ruin your life!!! (blasts Zorak; freeze frame just as blast touches Zorak)
(Talk Soup music)
John Henson: Never a dull moment on Coast to Coast. Next week join Spacey and friends as they welcome the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Think they're gonna need a bigger monitor. Right now, let's meet a disgruntled employee who earned a little OT by making the boss's wife scream "oh, me!" Ladies and gentlemen, pre-ops and post-ops, (drum roll) introducing our Talk Soup Clip of the Week!
(Zorak seated on Jenny Springer set; crowd jeering noises in background) (screen caption: Jenny Springer - "You Ruined My Life, You Ruined Her Life, Now I'M Going To Ruin Your Life!")
Zorak: I didn't even like her. I just wanted to ruin Space Ghost's life.
(Space Ghost flies across stage and smashes Zorak; they fight off camera as credits roll)

GUEST STARSMerrill MarkoeAdam Carolla
SPECIAL GUEST APPEARANCEJohn Henson
WRITTEN BYMatt HarriganPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSJon SchneppTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTSKevin PowellReid JacobsonDave DelBino
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureMichael Lazzo
INTERNSKeith HillAaron Vandemark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSCarolina PicturesE! Entertainment TelevisionTalk SoupAngela GordonLisa D. EllisWAGA-TVBailey and Emma KuklaAndy Merrill
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERJim Fortier
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 60 - "Lawsuit"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:60
Title:Lawsuit
Original Air Date:August 20, 1998
Guest Star:Greta Van Susteren

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Opening titles with snappy "Mork & Mindy"-type theme music and credits:)
starringSpace GhostZorakMoltarfeaturingJace JanandBlipwithSpecial GuestsGretaVan SusterenandDr. NightmareAttorney at Lawcreated byTheArlington Sisters
(Space Ghost on the studio set)
Space Ghost: Greetings, I'm Space Ghost. Welcome to the show. (invisos to desk with peppy transition music) On my show tonight, w-- wait a minute, what's this? (picks up piece of paper on his desk) (reads it in low voice) "Tad Eustus Ghostal, this is to inform you that you are the winner of one super deluxe king-sized lawsuit." Lawsuit?! (spews water on camera lens; audience laughter) But who would want to sue lovable me?
Dr. Nightmare: (appears on monitor, laughing)
Space Ghost: Jack Lord! It's Doctor Nightmare, my arch-enemy!
Dr. Nightmare: That's Dr. Nightmare, Attorney at Law, Mr. Fat Boy. I got my degree at space prison after you unjustly sent me up the galactic river!
Space Ghost: Unjustly? You vibro-shocked three galaxies out of existence! You stole fizzy-lifting drinks! And then you tried to steal my brain!
Zorak: Petty larceny.
Space Ghost: D'ya mind, Zorak? I'm getting sued here.
Zorak: I don't mind. Go ahead and get sued. See if I care.
Dr. Nightmare: Hey, this is serious, Ghostal. My clients are prepared to sue the unitard offa you!
Space Ghost: Clients, my asteroid. This is obviously just another one of your stupid supervillain plots.
Dr. Nightmare: Oh yeah, weisenheimer? I got your clients right here. (monitor transitions to Jan and Jace)
Space Ghost: (stares, with no recognition) The Wonder Twins?
Jace: You jerk, Tad, it's us, Jan and Jace.
Space Ghost: Oh, you two. Eh, figures.
Jan: We told you if you didn't return our calls you'd hear from our lawyer. And our lawyer is Dr. Nightmare.
Dr. Nightmare: Attorney at Law.
Jace: You owe us, Tad. We aren't seeing a dime from those reruns.
Space Ghost: You signed the contracts, nobody forced you. Much.
Jan: We were just kids, Tad. What were you thinking, taking children into space to fight crime? Exposing us to interstellar gases, laser rays, and unearthly atmospheres which stunted our growth?
Jace: Look at us, we're still teenagers! I'm stuck in a perpetual prepubescence, and it's all your fault!
Jan: So we're suing you, for back wages, and damages stemming from emotional distress, mental cruelty, and, for preventing us from receiving the schooling which might have provided us with a future! (breaks down and cries with Jace)
Moltar: (in control room) (cries)
Zorak: Aw, those poor kids.
Jace: I, I'm sorry Dr. Nightmare.
Jan: Attorney at Law.
Dr. Nightmare: It's all right, son. Now wipe your nose, you're on television.
Jace: I'll wipe Space Ghost's...
Dr. Nightmare: Gentlemen! Please! You can fight like itsy bitsy babies later. (clears throat) Right now we have adult name calling and mud-slinging to attend to.
Space Ghost: (clears throat) Should I start?
Dr. Nightmare: Oh, by all means.
Space Ghost: (takes deep breath) Shyster!
Dr. Nightmare: Poltroon!
Space Ghost: Ambulence chaser!
Dr. Nightmare: No talent Hanna-Barbarian!
Jace: Big meanie!
Zorak: Knish eater!
Moltar: Uh.. mumbly peg!
Blip: (screeches)
Space Ghost: Why's that monkey have to be here anyway?
Dr. Nightmare: Oh, I forgot to tell ya, the monkey's suing ya too. Cruelty to animals or something.
Blip: (screeches and screeches in background)
Space Ghost: Stupid chimp! Smelly eater of filth! (blasts Blip)
Jace: You creep! Blip's not dirty, I take him into the shower myself to clean his...
Space Ghost: Alright, that's enough, joke's over.
Dr. Nightmare: This ain't no joke, Ghostal. I got clients besides the kids and the hairball linin' up to sue the powerbands off ya. Ya ever hear of Cameron Diaz? Flip Orley? Sean Medlock? The Hoover Dam?
Space Ghost: I... don't know what you're talking about.
Dr. Nightmare: Does France ring a bell at all?
Space Ghost: I never touched France!
Zorak: Sure you did! You blew it up!
Space Ghost: Oh well, maybe I did. C'est la vie.
Dr. Nightmare: Look, Ghostal, my midgety clients here would like to settle this lawsuit if you'll be willing to, say, rehire them for your talkshow. Is it a deal?
Space Ghost: Ih! No can do, Dr. Nightmare!
Zorak: Attorney at Law.
Space Ghost: I've already got two cute useless sidekicks.
Moltar: I'm not useless!
Zorak: I'm not cute.
Brak: I'm not Rappaport.
Dr. Nightmare: Well, if you won't settle, then I'm forced to sue you for thirty-two million dollars, plus expenses, and a play toy for the chimp.
Zorak: Whoa! I want in on that lawsuit!
Dr. Nightmare: Okay, sure there, Zorak, on what grounds would you like to sue, you know, Mr. Big Fat Body over there?
Zorak: Uh, mental cruelty, (cash register sound) physical cruelty, (cash register sound) defamation of cartoon character, (cash register sound)
Space Ghost: You rotten kids! This is all your fault! I owe you nothing! Without me you'd be on the Herculoids planet following Gleep and Gloop with brooms! And you two are no longer friends of mine! I'm tellin' that fat geekanerd who does my web page to officially list you two ingrates as enemies from now on.
Dr. Nightmare: I've heard enough, Ghostal, I'm gonna work you over in court like hobos into steaks.
Jace: Yeah! You haven't got a ghost of a chance, Tad!
Jan: Ah, good one, Jace!
Space Ghost: (mocking) Eh, good one, Jace! (sputtering) (Dr. Nightmare's image fades from monitor) Oh boy, the Shatner's really hit the fan now. I'm up Dawson's Creek without a paddle.
Zorak: You know, my uncle Miranda got sued once.
Space Ghost: That's nice. I'm gonna get my own big-shot lawyer and fight fire with napalm. Moltar, phone book, lawyer, extrapolate!
Moltar: Napalm. Ah, to be young again. (throws lever, phone book appears on control room monitor, sound of phone dialing, then ringing, and answer)
Operator: Your call is being connected with the next available high-priced lawyer. Please stay on the line. (carnival music)
Space Ghost: Perry Mason, please.
Moltar: Matlock! Matlock!
Space Ghost: Perry, Perry, Perry, Perry.
Moltar: Matlock!
Zorak: Quincy!
Moltar: (long pause) Quincy's not a lawyer!
Zorak: He's better than a lawyer! He's a coroner!
Space Ghost: Oooh, mama, am I nervous! Sweatin' like a Trekkie! (sniff!) I smell like Oil of Olestra.
(Alarm sounds, Greta appears on monitor)
Greta Van Susteren: Ooh, my special jacket.
Space Ghost: (whistles) How about that!
Moltar: Oooh.
Greta Van Susteren: Man...
Space Ghost: Hi, Miss...
Greta Van Susteren: Greta Van Susteren, lawyer.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost, intergalactic dreamboat. (blinks, with Zorak blink sound)
Zorak: Hey! That's my sound effect! I'm suin'!
Moltar: Me too! I don't have any lines in this show!
Space Ghost: You see, Greta, I'm having some legal problems, and...
Greta Van Susteren: Like what, Space Ghost, maybe I can help you.
Space Ghost: Well, it's like this. I used to have these sidekicks, Jan and Jace.
Greta Van Susteren: Who?
Space Ghost: And, well, they hired my old arch-enemy, Dr. Nightmare..
Zorak: Attorney at Law.
Space Ghost: .. to sue me.
Greta Van Susteren: Oh dear, for what?
Space Ghost: Oh, stupid stuff. They say I endangered their lives, stunted their emotional and physical development, ripped them off. You know, stupid kid stuff.
Greta Van Susteren: Well, how many years has this been pending, Space Ghost, and how much do you own them?
Space Ghost: Well, I don't know. Thirty-two million?
Greta Van Susteren: That's a lot, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Yeah, well, y'see, the thing is, they were young when they worked for me.
Greta Van Susteren: But see, you've now just admitted that you had employed them, now what are you gonna do, Space Ghost? That was a trick, I asked you how long you had employed them, and when they worked for you, and you admitted it.
Space Ghost: I don't know... Greta, be nice. Aren't you supposed to defend me?
Greta Van Susteren: I'll defend you.
Space Ghost: Okay, where do we start?
Greta Van Susteren: Cash up front, no credit cards, just cash up front.
Dr. Nightmare: (appears on monitor next to Greta, split screen mode) I'd reconsider that, babe. I just uncovered some damaging evidence against big boy there. Roll that film, Molter.
Moltar: (throws lever)
(Old scratchy 'Space Ghost' cartoon film clip plays on monitor)
Jan: Please, Space Ghost, don't make us fight Tyranor and his space piranhas!
Jace: My lungs just healed from the beating Metallus gave us.
Blip: (whimpers with head bandages)
Space Ghost: You little wimps make me sick! Do you want to go back to the home? Is that it? Huh?!
Jace: (sniff) No.
Space Ghost: Well then, stop sniveling and go capture Tyranor! I'll... catch up with you later. I'm, uh, gonna go get a quesadilla.
(Shot of Jan & Jace's ship approaching Tyranor)
Jan: Jace! Look out!
(Jan and Jace scream as Tyrenor crumples their ship like a soda can)
Space Ghost: You losers! No dinner for you tonight!
(Film clip ends)
Dr. Nightmare: And don't think I forgot about Paris! I got that on tape too!
Greta Van Susteren: You're kidding!
Space Ghost: No, he, uh... I, kind of zapped...
Greta Van Susteren: What, did you zap Paris?
Space Ghost: Oh, you know, they bugged me, with, with their Frenchness.
Greta Van Susteren: Well, maybe, Space Ghost, maybe you have a little problem.
Space Ghost: What do you mean?
Greta Van Susteren: Well, it seems like you're provoking these lawsuits.
Space Ghost: Does that mean I'm in trouble?
Greta Van Susteren: Yeah, I think you are in a lot of trouble.
Space Ghost: Oh boy, oh boy.
Greta Van Susteren: And I just think it's hopeless for you. I think it's absolutely hopeless. I don't think anything's going to help you.
Space Ghost: (distraught) Come on, think of something!
Greta Van Susteren: I, you know what, we may be able to work a little deal out, Space Ghost, to help both of us.
Space Ghost: You think so?
Dr. Nightmare: I'm listening.
Greta Van Susteren: Well, could Dr. Nightmare come, uh, tomorrow?
Dr. Nightmare: Sure thing, babe. Maybe we could work something out over dinner, what do you say?
Jace: No deals! We want our money!
Space Ghost: Come on, kids, can't we all just get along?
Dr. Nightmare: You know, I've been in jail.
Greta Van Susteren: Really?
Dr. Nightmare: For stealing a brain.
Greta Van Susteren: For stealing a brain?
Dr. Nightmare: Yeah, it was Space Ghost's brain.
Greta Van Susteren: You really shouldn't steal someone's brain.
Dr. Nightmare: I suppose, but I kept part of it.
Jan: Jace...
Jace: Tad, you pay up, or I'll tell everybody what you did to Dino Boy.
Space Ghost: Prepare for a blast from my spank ray.
Dr. Nightmare: Don't you address my pimply client that way!
Jan: You tell him, Dr. Nightmare!
Space Ghost: Greta! Legal advice! Now!
Greta Van Susteren: I don't know, you're Space Ghost, can't you do anything?
Space Ghost: I could plead the fifth!
Zorak: If you can count that high.
Greta Van Susteren: I think you have a problem, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Look, Greta, we both work for Turner.
Dr. Nightmare: Whoa, hold on second. (four kinds of dramatic sting music, followed by whimsical music) Turner? You mean, Ted Turner?
Jace: Is there a problem, Dr. Nightmare?
All: Attorney at Law.
Dr. Nightmare: You bet there's a problem. You see, Ted Turner.. is my father. (whimsical music again) Sorry, kids, but you're on your own. I'll fax you my bill. See you later.
Jan: This is all your fault, Jace. We could have listened to Harvey and been Birdboy and Birdgirl, but noooo, you had to have inviso power! I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!
Jace: Jan! (his voice is breaking) Jan! Get a grip on... (clears throat) .. on yourself!
Space Ghost: What was that?
Jace: (with deeper voice) I've hit puberty! Yippee! Sorry, Jan, I gotta go. I've got.. things to do.
Jan: Oh well, that's that, guess I can always write a tell-all about my brilliant career with Space Jerk.
Greta Van Susteren: It sounds like you're home free again, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (drum beat & disco music begins in background) And now that I've beaten the legal system to a bloody lifeless pulp, it's your turn!
Zorak: Uh oh.
Space Ghost: Sue me, will you?
Zorak: Moltar! Help me!
Moltar: (dials 911 on his monitor)
Operator: Please state your emergency.
Moltar: Eh, I'd like to report a felony in progress.
(Credits roll, to tune of cheesy old commerical music)
Space Ghost: (behind bars, on Moltar's monitor) Moltar, you fink!
Moltar: (laughs) (coughs)
Dr. Nightmare: (clears throat)

GUEST STARGreta Van Susteren
WRITTEN BYEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
EDITORSKen BradyTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillMatt HarriganIsabel GonzalezDave Willis
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTWilem MadisonJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureJames HuffmanMichelle A. LongMichael Lazzo
INTERNSJoey GoogeNatali Tesche
SPECIAL THANKSKenny CrowLisa D. Ellis
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERIsabel Gonzalez
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERSheila Green
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 61 - "Cahill"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:61
Title:Cahill
Original Air Date:August 27, 1998
Guest Stars:Garrett Morris, Mark McEwen

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar in the commissary)
Space Ghost: (puts his head down momentarily) Storm's a-comin'.
Moltar: (sighs) Mmm, time to go to the commissary. Got to eat me some Jell-O. I like green! (laughs)
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (during theme) I got a monkey.
(Theme & titles continue, Space Ghost is being zapped as he attempts to inviso in)
Space Ghost: Aaah! Aaaah! Aaaaah!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (in high voice, to Moltar) Are you doin' that?
Space Ghost: Pain... pain... pain hurts! It burns!
Moltar: Um... no. (laughs with Zorak)
Space Ghost: Look, President Taft! (high voice) Ba-ba-loo!
Zorak: (zaps to negative image)
Space Ghost: (groans, sniffs) Is someone fryin' bacon?
Moltar: Um... no.
Space Ghost: Who said that?
(Everyone screams)
Zorak: Ehhh, whose donuts are these?
Moltar: (paging through book) It seems that the static electricity from the oncoming storm is triggering a.. microinductor.. dylfilabro...
Space Ghost: What's this now?
Moltar: Dyloptiloid.
Space Ghost: What is it?
Moltar: Microinductor dyloptiloid.
Space Ghost: Oh, oh oh oh oh. Yeah.
Moltar: Not a word I use every day.
Space Ghost: So, what is that? Like, lightning?
Moltar: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: Man, I hate lightning.
Zorak: You mean you're scared of it.
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: Fraidy cat!
Space Ghost: Wrong!
Zorak: Scaredy puss!
Space Ghost: Wrong!
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Stop lying, Zorak! We're all so very sick of your lies!
Zorak: (continues to laugh)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Get me a meteorologist now!
Moltar: It's just a little space storm!
Space Ghost: Do it! Zorak, play me to the desk.
Zorak: (plays Space Ghost to the desk with ragtime piano, and continues to play in background; Space Ghost walks to his desk) Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Yes?
Zorak: Did you just walk to the desk?
Space Ghost: Yes, yes I did.
Zorak: What's the matter, you scared?
Space Ghost: (scribbling) I don't talk to big fat liars whose lies we're all so - (thunder sounds; Space Ghost makes gibbering noises)
Zorak: Riiight.
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Mark McEwen: (to Moltar) Ah. The answer, O talk dark handsome stranger...
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Mark McEwen: ... what time?
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: (to Mark) Hang on, big boy. (throws lever, puts Space Ghost on his monitor) What!?
Space Ghost: Where's my first guest?
Moltar: Thought you wanted a meteorologist.
Space Ghost: Well... guest first, then meteorologist.
Moltar: You sure?
Space Ghost: Yup.
Moltar: Okay.
Space Ghost: Hurry!
Moltar: Ehhh... (throws lever, Garrett appears on his monitor)
Garrett Morris: I got some questions I wanna ask this sucker.
Moltar: Alright, let me get a level from you.
Garrett Morris: Sound check, yeah. (sings) "Sound check!"
Moltar: Alright.
Garrett Morris: (sings again, louder) "Sound check! Sound check!!"
Moltar: Alright, I got it!
Garrett Morris: (sings quietly) "Sound check." (scats briefly)
Moltar: Garrett!
Garrett Morris: Huh?
Moltar: Now, if you have any problems, like if you're not getting enough oxygen...
Garrett Morris: I need some cash.
Moltar: What?
Garrett Morris: Y'see, I thought you were real, but you said if I had any problems, so you know what I mean, I just came with the problem, I need some cash.
Moltar: Uh... no Inglés. (throws lever)
Garrett Morris: Okay, bro.
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen... (thunder clap) Aaaah! (hides under his desk)
Garrett Morris: Don't disappear! Don't disappear! Where are you going?
Moltar: (to Mark McEwen) Hey.
Zorak: (finally stops playing ragtime piano)
Space Ghost: (still hiding under his desk, peeks up over edge) Dropped my pen.
Zorak: Riiiight.
Garrett Morris: Vamanos ale titi.
Space Ghost: What was that?
Garrett Morris: That's Creole for "let's go", you know.
Space Ghost: Wow.
Garrett Morris: Yeah, it means "little one, let's go."
Space Ghost: May I say that?
Garrett Morris: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay, here we go.
Garrett Morris: Vamanos ale titi.
Space Ghost: Vamanos ale titi. (thunder clap) Aaay! (hides under his desk again)
Garrett Morris: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs) What's the matter? You scared?
Space Ghost: I'm not afraid of lightning.
Zorak: (evil laughter)
Space Ghost: (talking to Garrett from under his desk) Well, look what we have here. Greetings citizen, welcome to the big show.
Garrett Morris: (laughs) Greetings, uh, citizen, uh, I'm glad to be on the show.
Space Ghost: Identify yourself.
Garrett Morris: Uh, I am, uh, Garrett, uh, Morris, uh, 101.
Space Ghost: I am Fantasmo.
Mark McEwen: And stop blamin' me. When there's bad news, they don't blame Dan Rather, do they?
Moltar: No, not really.
Mark McEwen: But when it's bad weather, they blame me.
Moltar: I would never blame you.
Mark McEwen: (in Elvis voice) Thank you very much, big guy.
Moltar: I'm totally serious.
Garrett Morris: Do they, like, believe in cash out there in the universe?
Space Ghost: (still under his desk) What's this now?
Garrett Morris: Money money money money money.
Space Ghost: I don't have any money.
Garrett Morris: (sings) Money!
Space Ghost: (sings) I don't have any!
Garrett Morris: (sings) Some people, got to have it.
Space Ghost: I don't have any money (stands up)
Garrett Morris: (sings) Some people, really need it.
Space Ghost: Hellooo! (sits down)
Garrett Morris: (sings) Do things, do things, do things, good things with it.
Space Ghost: I'm talkin' to myself.
Mark McEwen: (laughs) If I could control the weather, I would own the Space Ghost talk show, because if people, if I could control it, it would be Mark McEwen's Weather Controlling.
Moltar: (laughs) There you go.
Mark McEwen: And, I'd live in Hawaii, I'd be a lot fatter, and I'd have a hula hoop, one of those skirt things on. I'd be topless, sittin' around, just kinda drinkin', y'know, ice teas and eatin', like, chocolate chip cookies. Rich.
Moltar: I like the way you jiggle, weather man.
Mark McEwen: (laughs)
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah!
Garrett Morris: Hey, man, I be listenin' to jazz all the time. That was Ebonics, I just said, "I be".
Space Ghost: Right. (thunder clap) (goes back under his desk)
Zorak: Hey, that ain't the Queen's English!
Garrett Morris: I know that. "I am listening to jazz all the time."
Zorak: Now you're talkin'.
Garrett Morris: Well, see, I knew he had broken the code, so I said "I be listenin'", so he understands what I'm sayin'. Some other guy might say "What's he saying, what, huh?"
Space Ghost: (back in his seat) Is there anything more funny than somebody just drastically white trying to speak colloquial hood?
Garrett Morris: I'm, you're the first person I've heard admit that, I've been wantin' to say that, but I say, they'd probably say I'm... (knocks microphone off, feedback)
Space Ghost: I didn't do that.
Moltar: (to Mark) So, what's your forecast? Any black holes?
Mark McEwen: Uh, aren't black holes those things you wanna stay away from?
Moltar: Yeah... if you're yella. (laughs)
Mark McEwen: So, I mean, you'd predict them, then, like, you'd run away from 'em.
Moltar: Um...
Mark McEwen: ... because they'd suck your, the rocket right into the black hole thing. See, I've done a little bit of research on this.
Moltar: Uh...
Mark McEwen: If you have a black hole, and you got a rocket ship, it just kinda goes in, and then you never see 'em again, so you run from those things.
Moltar: That makes sense. If you're yella. (laughs)
Mark McEwen: We tend not to make fun of stuff like that.
Moltar: Oh. Okay. (long pause)
Garrett Morris: Hey, you know about the ??, you know about that ngupa dust?
Space Ghost: Uh huh.
Garrett Morris: You know about that?
Space Ghost: Oh, you bet.
Garrett Morris: You don't know about that, huh, man? You notice I'm talkin', now I know the language, I'm takin' me over, y'see, the metaphysical is takin' me over.
Space Ghost: Faster.
Garrett Morris: But anyway, I don't wanna say "voodoo" or "voudoun" or nothin' like that, because I know that when you people see this thing (pointing at his ring) you always think (very low voice) "voodoo, voudoun" (sky turns dark, with lightning & thunder) You know, I talk about African medicine. Yes, that's where my powers lie. Many many people have, have denied that and found growths, comin' out of their necks.
Space Ghost: (from under his desk again) Yeah, thanks to you, buddy.
Garrett Morris: Well, I just refer back metaphysically to Marie Laveau. You remember the great queen Marie Laveau? Marie Laveau, she was the first, you know...
Space Ghost: Am I supposed to be hearing like telephones dialing in here?
Garrett Morris: Way back, yeah, there's a story about Marie Laveau, you know, she was so powerful 'til this man, one time, was involved in a case against a friend of hers.
Zorak: (hiding in his keyboard pod) Where's Zorak? (pops up) Here's Zorak! (continues popping up and down as he talks) Where's Zorak? Here's Zorak! Where's Zorak? Here's Zorak! Here! Gone! I'm here! I'm gone! Here! Gone! Here! Gone!
Garrett Morris: In court, and Marie didn't like that, she goes in with a little piece of paper like this, you know, and the man is arguing, and she sticks the piece of paper, and it touches him, and the man starts stuttering, and lost the case. (shot of Zorak's empty keyboard pod) You think I'm lying?
Space Ghost: Uh huh, Garrett, can I stop you for a sec?
Garrett Morris: Oh, okay, okay.
Space Ghost: Zorak? (keyboard pod is still empty) Zoooraaak! (keyboard pod is still empty) Garrett, did you happen to see where Zorak went?
Garrett Morris: Um, him and the garbage person?
Space Ghost: Green guy, with the vest. He was just there.
Garrett Morris: He's green?
Space Ghost: Yeah, remember? Tall guy, bald...
Garrett Morris: Kermit the Frog?
Zorak: (FROM WITHIN KEYBOARD POD) No pants...
Garrett Morris: Oh, that guy, Zorak, yeah, praying mantis type guy.
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Garrett Morris: Yeah, y'know, that makes me feel sick. Ick! Creepy crawly, you know, ick!
Zorak: (pokes his head up) You've got a fat rump!
Garrett Morris: Okay...
Space Ghost: Zorak!!
Zorak: Rumpty! (lowers his head again)
Space Ghost: Zorak Robert, you show yourself this instant!!
Zorak: Hey, my bobo paddle!
Space Ghost: All right, little man, I'm counting to three! One! Two! Three! (lightning flash)
Garrett Morris: Four? (Space Ghost falls) Oh my God, he's gone! Shucks!
Moltar: You're not a real meteorologist, are ya?
Mark McEwen: (stares back)
Moltar: Well, are ya?
Mark McEwen: (stares back)
Moltar: You're freakin' me out here, Mark. Okay?
Mark McEwen: (stares back)
Moltar: This is uncool. Most uncool.
Space Ghost: (hiding under his desk) Eighteen... nineteen... twenty!
Garrett Morris: Well, I still wanna say somethin'.
Space Ghost: Yeah?
Garrett Morris: I think it's shameful, that you are supposed to be a crimefighter...
Space Ghost: What?
Garrett Morris: Supposedly so concerned about crime...
Space Ghost: (risen from beneath his desk) What are you getting at?
Garrett Morris: And believe me, crime is out there in the street.
Space Ghost: Oh, big surprise!
Garrett Morris: And here we have a hero, with all these powers, who decides to come in and be a talk show host.
Space Ghost: Exactly.
Garrett Morris: Well, what about all the crime that's goin' on out there, ghost?
Space Ghost: You, sir, are thinking about Earth crime. That's galaxies away from me.
Garrett Morris: I'm thinking of responsibility.
Space Ghost: Oh, man.
Garrett Morris: A sense of responsibility.
Space Ghost: Whatever.
Garrett Morris: Of using your powers for positive contribution to society.
Space Ghost: Garrett... I... don't... get you.
Garrett Morris: I don't understand what I'm saying either. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Let's just call it a day, shall we, Garrett? I can finish my show, and you can just... go... someplace.
Garrett Morris: (starts humming)
Space Ghost: Aaagh!! (gets zapped by Zorak's rifle)
Zorak: I'm back!
(More lightning in background; Space Ghost and Zorak zap each other in slow motion)
Garrett Morris: I guess I don't understand something about this sort of thing.
(Zorak blasts Garrett off the monitor)
(Lightning and thunder have stopped)
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Well, you said somebody's gonna get hurt!
Space Ghost: I never said that!
Zorak: Oh. Where did I hear that? I musta read it.
Moltar: Space Ghost! Zorak!
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: What?
Moltar: All this bedlam around us... it's not a storm at all! It's a fair!
Space Ghost: All right! (pounds desk)
(Credits roll with carnival music)
Space Ghost: Is this the one that they've added the weather man to? Yeah, that'll be funnier.

GUEST STARSGarrett MorrisMark McEwen
WRITTEN BYBen KarlinBrian Posehn
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTSDave DelBinoReid Jacobson
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureMichelle A. LongMichael Lazzo
SPECIAL THANKSKhaki JonesLisa D. EllisKenny Crow
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERSheila Green
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 62 - "Warren"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:62
Title:Warren
Original Air Date:September 3, 1998
Guest Star:Gary Owens
Synopsis:The gang takes a road--er, space trip to visit Warren, a hateful hedge who plots to take over Space Ghost's show.  This show features Gary Owens, who originally voiced Space Ghost in the action series.(Synopsis by Hen Solo)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Television set, with "The Warren Show" title screen)
Announcer: (intro music) And now back to "The Warren Show".
(Shot of Space Ghost's apartment, with Moltar and Zorak)
Space Ghost: Ooh, I love Warren!
Warren: Tell us, Space, what are your superpowers?
Gary Owens: (as Space Ghost) I developed a few of my own, I, for example, can leap tall buildings in a single bound, I jump over buildings, I also have x-ray vision, and I can make change for a dollar.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! I don't remember...
Gary Owens: I can also bend my thumb, by the way.
Space Ghost: I've never been on "Warren"! That guy's a replicant!
Gary Owens: I can bend a spoon with my mind, but it has to be a plastic spoon. (TV laughter)
Moltar: Whoa!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: I can't do the real spoon. (TV applause)
Space Ghost: This is such bull! (blasts TV set) I am super-unsatisfied to be replicated in this way! Super-unsatisfied! I need to get to the bottom of this. Come on, boys! Let's take a ride!
Zorak: Pick me up a hitch-hiker, would'ya?
Space Ghost: You're coming with us, Zorak. We'll go see Warren, then we'll swing by the department store and get you some new slacks.
Zorak: And a hitch-hiker?
Space Ghost: We'll see.
Moltar: Shotgun!
Zorak: (slightly behind Moltar) Shotgun!
Moltar: Yes!
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Zorak: (hitting Moltar's seat from behind) (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: (mocking) "I have x-ray vision and I can make change for a dollar!"
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: I could make change for five dollars if I had to.
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Quit it!
(Cruiser approaches planetoid)
Moltar: Is this it?
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: QUIT IT!
Space Ghost: Yup, it's just like I remember it. Oh, look, they put in a Mr. Winters over there. You see, boys, Warren was my mentor. He was the wind beneath my cape. I learned so much that summer. Perhaps... too much. (sound of brakes) L-let's go back. (shifts into reverse, Phantom Cruiser backs up) What am I doing? (brakes) I love Warren! I need to see him. (shifts gears, goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But I've been replicated. (goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But, I have been replicated. (grinds gears) (goes forward again)
(The Cruiser finally lands; the hatch opens, Space Ghost emerges, to dramatic music)
Space Ghost: (goes back inside) They were closed.
Zorak: I wanna see!
Space Ghost: There's nothing to see. Now, who wants new slacks?
Zorak: I don't wear pants, and I don't know anyone who does!
Moltar: Yeah! We wanna see Warren!
Space Ghost: (sighs) All right.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar leave the ship and enter a cave)
Monitor: Welcome Space Ghost. Warren is expecting you.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's power bands disappear)
Space Ghost: My power bands!
Monitor: You know the rules. No weapons.
Zorak: Hey. You live here?
Monitor: Oh, I see you brought your mantis.
Moltar: (clears throat)
Monitor: And the fireman. How lucky.
Zorak: Where's the tub? Can I have this? (sound of glass breaking) Uh, that was broke already.
Space Ghost: Zorak...
Zorak: Someone boiling vinegar?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Shut your beak.
Zorak: Before you... close it with medical sutures?
Space Ghost: No, before I seal it using a powerful space-age adhesive, which I keep in my fanny pack.
Monitor: You know the rules. No fanny packs.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's fanny pack disappears)
Space Ghost: My breakfast bars!
Monitor: Ladies and gentlemen of the arena, I give you... Warren.
(Warren rolls out, looking very much like a potted plant)
Space Ghost: Well, it's been a long time.
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Warren, I've been replicated, man!
Warren: Hmph. Do I know you?
Space Ghost: You tell me, pal.
Warren: No, I don't know you.
Space Ghost: Warren, you had me on your show last night. But I wasn't on your show last night! I was right there in my living room, watching you having me on your show.
Zorak: Nice bush.
Warren: Ah, that's funny, mantis. Funny bugs like you, talkin' like that in my castle, end up, lookin' for their teeth, two blocks away, on Quinn Street.
Space Ghost: Zorak, let me handle this, please.
Zorak: Nice... bush.
Warren: Listen! I can burn you, like the crazy world of Arthur Brown.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Nice... bush.
(Warren zaps Zorak with a destructo ray)
Warren: We're both green, aren't we, Zorak? But I got rays, don't I!? Don't I? Don't I?
Moltar: You better answer him.
Warren: Don't I, Zorak?
Zorak: Ah, go fertilize yourself.
Warren: (zaps Zorak again several times)
Space Ghost: Warren, I've come many miles...
Warren: (zaps Zorak again)
Space Ghost: ... to set myself before you today to find out why you've betrayed our sacred covenant.
Warren: Do what now?
Space Ghost: Who was that you had on your show, because it wasn't me.
Warren: Aw, yeah. (chuckles) That was just Gary.
Space Ghost: Gary, huh?
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Ga-ry.
Warren: Yeah. (chuckles)
Space Ghost: Garrrrrrry.
Warren: Yep.
Space Ghost: Are you tryin' to shuck me?
Warren: Listen to me! Over there in the corner, you'll find a mystical cauldron. Conjure up Gary and he will appear before you. He knows the answers, to the questions that vex you so. Now I must adjourn, to my sunny spot, ah! (starts to roll away)
Space Ghost: Wait, you didn't answer my question! I didn't come here to talk to a cauldron! Warren, wait!
Moltar: He seemed like a good enough guy.
Zorak: Yeah, very personable.
Space Ghost: Come on, let's hold hands and conjure up this joker.
(Zorak, Space Ghost and Moltar are holding hands in front of a steaming cauldron)
Space Ghost: Gary... Om... (wolf howls in background) Hey, you guys have to do it too, or it won't work.
Zorak: Oh.
Space Ghost: Om...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Gary... Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Om... Om...
Zorak: Gary... Gary...
Moltar: Gary...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Gary...
Space Ghost: Om...
Moltar: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Om... Gary...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Got it.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: We're good. We got it.
Gary Owens: (in cauldron, as Space Ghost) (laughs) Thank you.
Space Ghost: It's him!
Moltar: Whoa!
Zorak: It's Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: It is indeed.
Space Ghost: It is not indeed! Do you know who I am? Gary? Take a good look. I'm Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: (coughs) You're what?
Space Ghost: That's right, Gary. I'm the real Space Ghost.
Gary Owens: So am I.
Space Ghost: No, see, I'm the one who flew around the galaxy saving planets, not you! Where do you get off being me?
Gary Owens: Uh, in the early days, back when, uh, when Space Ghost was first born, they let me play Space Ghost. And that was what, what a thrill.
Space Ghost: Uh, who's "they"?
Gary Owens: Mr. Joe Barbera, and Mr. Fred Silverman, gentlemen who chose me to play you.
Space Ghost: Nobody plays me, Jack! I play me.
Moltar: Hey Gary, who played me?
Gary Owens: Moltar? Moltar, I have a picture of you. I have a picture of Zorak over there, when he was just a mild mutant.
Zorak: Hey! Remember when I smashed your camera with that rock?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes. It was, what wonder days.
Moltar: Gary? Can you come home with us, and... be our new dad?
Space Ghost: Now, wait just a second! Can't you see? Are ya all blind? Moltar! Zorak! This is all just some demented mind trick brought on by Warren!
Gary Owens: I still have got the inviso-belt, I've got that in the trunk of the car right now.
Space Ghost: Listen up, you deluded old freak. Don't make me use my power bands on you.
Moltar: Space Ghost, uh... you don't have your power bands.
Space Ghost: Stay out of this, Moltar. The time has come for me to put a lid on this cosmic crackpot.
Gary Owens: This looks like real trouble. Hand me that veeblefetzer.
Zorak: Here ya go, buddy. (hands Gary a blast rifle)
Space Ghost: You're counting on hitting me with that veeblefetzer, aren't you?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: Because then you will become me, right.
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: That's just what I thought. Well, here's something you hadn't counted on, Gary. This set of auxiliary power bands, that I had hidden in my space cavity. Prepare for one of my harmful rays. (adjusts his power bands) Hold on a second. (bands make electronic noises; Space Ghost adjusts bands again) (quietly) You're gonna regret having messed with me. (presses button, but no ray, just a clunking sound) Turning it on. (makes sound like electronic flash charging) (quietly) Prepare... for one of my... harmful rays.
Gary Owens: (as Gary) Hey, sock it to me!
Space Ghost: Pucker up, Gary! (blasts Gary, whose hand is over his ear a la "Laugh-In") (smoke clears) Moltar, haul that to the Phantom Cruiser.
Warren: (slides into view) No!! You've destroyed my creation!
Space Ghost: Warren, you used that greasy replicant to lure me back here, didn't you?
Warren: Yeah, you know it.
Space Ghost: But why, Warren?
Warren: Well... (laughs) (dramatic sting music) Never mind why. The past is just the future that already happened. Now come on over here and I'll cradle you.
Moltar: (walks toward Warren)
Warren: (to Moltar) Not you! (to Space Ghost) You!
Space Ghost: I don't understand, Warren.
Warren: Often we fear what we don't understand, Space Ghost. Come closer to me!
Space Ghost: (steps closer to Warren)
Warren: (sniffs) Closer!
Space Ghost: (to himself: I must be out of my nut! What am I doing here? And why is Warren smelling me?)
Warren: How're ya folks and all them? (edges closer to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: They're... all... kind of... uh... uh...
Warren: Why don't you take your cape off? Ha!
Space Ghost: No... please...
Warren: Listen to me! Love and fear are often... the same thing. (sniffs)
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. Well, thank you.
Warren: Don't thank me. Just... (sniffs) hold me.
Space Ghost: (touches Warren; smiles)
Warren: Mmmmm! Prime rib!
Space Ghost: Wait, wait a second...
(TV shows static and "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" theme music; static gives way to Warren at Space Ghost's desk)
Warren: (on TV) Greetings citizens!
Space Ghost: Hey, what the...
Warren: I'm Warren! Is everybody gettin' enough carbon dioxide?
(Dramatic sting music, zoom in to Space Ghost's face)
Space Ghost: Aha! That's why you brought me here! So you could steal my show! But you already have a show! Why, Warren, why?
Warren: Well, you know, uh... (laughs) I just felt like it.
Space Ghost: Well, you greedy manipulating yard shrub. I'm not going to let your Warren impostinator steal my show right out from under me (reaches for his power bands)
Warren: But Space Ghost... How do you know that I'm not the impostinator?
Space Ghost: Well... you've lost me there, Warren. And now you must pay, you hateful hedge. (blasts Warren)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'. You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'.
Space Ghost: Tell 'em this. (blasts monitor)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tell- (Blam!)
Space Ghost: When you see 'em in Poland.
(Black screen with title: "The End")
(TV in Space Ghost's living room shows "The End" title)
Space Ghost: That was good. What else is on?
(Television set, with "The Warren Show" title screen)
Announcer: (intro music) And now back to "The Warren Show".
(Shot of Space Ghost's apartment, with Moltar and Zorak)
Space Ghost: Ooh, I love Warren!
Warren: Tell us, Space, what are your superpowers?
Gary Owens: (as Space Ghost) I developed a few of my own, I, for example, can leap tall buildings in a single bound, I jump over buildings, I also have x-ray vision, and I can make change for a dollar.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! I don't remember...
Gary Owens: I can also bend my thumb, by the way.
Space Ghost: I've never been on "Warren"! That guy's a replicant!
Gary Owens: I can bend a spoon with my mind, but it has to be a plastic spoon. (TV laughter)
Moltar: Whoa!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: I can't do the real spoon. (TV applause)
Space Ghost: This is such bull! (blasts TV set) I am super-unsatisfied to be replicated in this way! Super-unsatisfied! I need to get to the bottom of this. Come on, boys! Let's take a ride!
Zorak: Pick me up a hitch-hiker, would'ya?
Space Ghost: You're coming with us, Zorak. We'll go see Warren, then we'll swing by the department store and get you some new slacks.
Zorak: And a hitch-hiker?
Space Ghost: We'll see.
Moltar: Shotgun!
Zorak: (slightly behind Moltar) Shotgun!
Moltar: Yes!
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Zorak: (hitting Moltar's seat from behind) (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: (mocking) "I have x-ray vision and I can make change for a dollar!"
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: I could make change for five dollars if I had to.
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Quit it!
(Cruiser approaches planetoid)
Moltar: Is this it?
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: QUIT IT!
Space Ghost: Yup, it's just like I remember it. Oh, look, they put in a Mr. Winters over there. You see, boys, Warren was my mentor. He was the wind beneath my cape. I learned so much that summer. Perhaps... too much. (sound of brakes) L-let's go back. (shifts into reverse, Phantom Cruiser backs up) What am I doing? (brakes) I love Warren! I need to see him. (shifts gears, goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But I've been replicated. (goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But, I have been replicated. (grinds gears) (goes forward again)
(The Cruiser finally lands; the hatch opens, Space Ghost emerges, to dramatic music)
Space Ghost: (goes back inside) They were closed.
Zorak: I wanna see!
Space Ghost: There's nothing to see. Now, who wants new slacks?
Zorak: I don't wear pants, and I don't know anyone who does!
Moltar: Yeah! We wanna see Warren!
Space Ghost: (sighs) All right.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar leave the ship and enter a cave)
Monitor: Welcome Space Ghost. Warren is expecting you.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's power bands disappear)
Space Ghost: My power bands!
Monitor: You know the rules. No weapons.
Zorak: Hey. You live here?
Monitor: Oh, I see you brought your mantis.
Moltar: (clears throat)
Monitor: And the fireman. How lucky.
Zorak: Where's the tub? Can I have this? (sound of glass breaking) Uh, that was broke already.
Space Ghost: Zorak...
Zorak: Someone boiling vinegar?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Shut your beak.
Zorak: Before you... close it with medical sutures?
Space Ghost: No, before I seal it using a powerful space-age adhesive, which I keep in my fanny pack.
Monitor: You know the rules. No fanny packs.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's fanny pack disappears)
Space Ghost: My breakfast bars!
Monitor: Ladies and gentlemen of the arena, I give you... Warren.
(Warren rolls out, looking very much like a potted plant)
Space Ghost: Well, it's been a long time.
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Warren, I've been replicated, man!
Warren: Hmph. Do I know you?
Space Ghost: You tell me, pal.
Warren: No, I don't know you.
Space Ghost: Warren, you had me on your show last night. But I wasn't on your show last night! I was right there in my living room, watching you having me on your show.
Zorak: Nice bush.
Warren: Ah, that's funny, mantis. Funny bugs like you, talkin' like that in my castle, end up, lookin' for their teeth, two blocks away, on Quinn Street.
Space Ghost: Zorak, let me handle this, please.
Zorak: Nice... bush.
Warren: Listen! I can burn you, like the crazy world of Arthur Brown.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Nice... bush.
(Warren zaps Zorak with a destructo ray)
Warren: We're both green, aren't we, Zorak? But I got rays, don't I!? Don't I? Don't I?
Moltar: You better answer him.
Warren: Don't I, Zorak?
Zorak: Ah, go fertilize yourself.
Warren: (zaps Zorak again several times)
Space Ghost: Warren, I've come many miles...
Warren: (zaps Zorak again)
Space Ghost: ... to set myself before you today to find out why you've betrayed our sacred covenant.
Warren: Do what now?
Space Ghost: Who was that you had on your show, because it wasn't me.
Warren: Aw, yeah. (chuckles) That was just Gary.
Space Ghost: Gary, huh?
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Ga-ry.
Warren: Yeah. (chuckles)
Space Ghost: Garrrrrrry.
Warren: Yep.
Space Ghost: Are you tryin' to shuck me?
Warren: Listen to me! Over there in the corner, you'll find a mystical cauldron. Conjure up Gary and he will appear before you. He knows the answers, to the questions that vex you so. Now I must adjourn, to my sunny spot, ah! (starts to roll away)
Space Ghost: Wait, you didn't answer my question! I didn't come here to talk to a cauldron! Warren, wait!
Moltar: He seemed like a good enough guy.
Zorak: Yeah, very personable.
Space Ghost: Come on, let's hold hands and conjure up this joker.
(Zorak, Space Ghost and Moltar are holding hands in front of a steaming cauldron)
Space Ghost: Gary... Om... (wolf howls in background) Hey, you guys have to do it too, or it won't work.
Zorak: Oh.
Space Ghost: Om...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Gary... Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Om... Om...
Zorak: Gary... Gary...
Moltar: Gary...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Gary...
Space Ghost: Om...
Moltar: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Om... Gary...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Got it.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: We're good. We got it.
Gary Owens: (in cauldron, as Space Ghost) (laughs) Thank you.
Space Ghost: It's him!
Moltar: Whoa!
Zorak: It's Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: It is indeed.
Space Ghost: It is not indeed! Do you know who I am? Gary? Take a good look. I'm Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: (coughs) You're what?
Space Ghost: That's right, Gary. I'm the real Space Ghost.
Gary Owens: So am I.
Space Ghost: No, see, I'm the one who flew around the galaxy saving planets, not you! Where do you get off being me?
Gary Owens: Uh, in the early days, back when, uh, when Space Ghost was first born, they let me play Space Ghost. And that was what, what a thrill.
Space Ghost: Uh, who's "they"?
Gary Owens: Mr. Joe Barbera, and Mr. Fred Silverman, gentlemen who chose me to play you.
Space Ghost: Nobody plays me, Jack! I play me.
Moltar: Hey Gary, who played me?
Gary Owens: Moltar? Moltar, I have a picture of you. I have a picture of Zorak over there, when he was just a mild mutant.
Zorak: Hey! Remember when I smashed your camera with that rock?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes. It was, what wonder days.
Moltar: Gary? Can you come home with us, and... be our new dad?
Space Ghost: Now, wait just a second! Can't you see? Are ya all blind? Moltar! Zorak! This is all just some demented mind trick brought on by Warren!
Gary Owens: I still have got the inviso-belt, I've got that in the trunk of the car right now.
Space Ghost: Listen up, you deluded old freak. Don't make me use my power bands on you.
Moltar: Space Ghost, uh... you don't have your power bands.
Space Ghost: Stay out of this, Moltar. The time has come for me to put a lid on this cosmic crackpot.
Gary Owens: This looks like real trouble. Hand me that veeblefetzer.
Zorak: Here ya go, buddy. (hands Gary a blast rifle)
Space Ghost: You're counting on hitting me with that veeblefetzer, aren't you?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: Because then you will become me, right.
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: That's just what I thought. Well, here's something you hadn't counted on, Gary. This set of auxiliary power bands, that I had hidden in my space cavity. Prepare for one of my harmful rays. (adjusts his power bands) Hold on a second. (bands make electronic noises; Space Ghost adjusts bands again) (quietly) You're gonna regret having messed with me. (presses button, but no ray, just a clunking sound) Turning it on. (makes sound like electronic flash charging) (quietly) Prepare... for one of my... harmful rays.
Gary Owens: (as Gary) Hey, sock it to me!
Space Ghost: Pucker up, Gary! (blasts Gary, whose hand is over his ear a la "Laugh-In") (smoke clears) Moltar, haul that to the Phantom Cruiser.
Warren: (slides into view) No!! You've destroyed my creation!
Space Ghost: Warren, you used that greasy replicant to lure me back here, didn't you?
Warren: Yeah, you know it.
Space Ghost: But why, Warren?
Warren: Well... (laughs) (dramatic sting music) Never mind why. The past is just the future that already happened. Now come on over here and I'll cradle you.
Moltar: (walks toward Warren)
Warren: (to Moltar) Not you! (to Space Ghost) You!
Space Ghost: I don't understand, Warren.
Warren: Often we fear what we don't understand, Space Ghost. Come closer to me!
Space Ghost: (steps closer to Warren)
Warren: (sniffs) Closer!
Space Ghost: (to himself: I must be out of my nut! What am I doing here? And why is Warren smelling me?)
Warren: How're ya folks and all them? (edges closer to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: They're... all... kind of... uh... uh...
Warren: Why don't you take your cape off? Ha!
Space Ghost: No... please...
Warren: Listen to me! Love and fear are often... the same thing. (sniffs)
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. Well, thank you.
Warren: Don't thank me. Just... (sniffs) hold me.
Space Ghost: (touches Warren; smiles)
Warren: Mmmmm! Prime rib!
Space Ghost: Wait, wait a second...
(TV shows static and "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" theme music; static gives way to Warren at Space Ghost's desk)
Warren: (on TV) Greetings citizens!
Space Ghost: Hey, what the...
Warren: I'm Warren! Is everybody gettin' enough carbon dioxide?
(Dramatic sting music, zoom in to Space Ghost's face)
Space Ghost: Aha! That's why you brought me here! So you could steal my show! But you already have a show! Why, Warren, why?
Warren: Well, you know, uh... (laughs) I just felt like it.
Space Ghost: Well, you greedy manipulating yard shrub. I'm not going to let your Warren impostinator steal my show right out from under me (reaches for his power bands)
Warren: But Space Ghost... How do you know that I'm not the impostinator?
Space Ghost: Well... you've lost me there, Warren. And now you must pay, you hateful hedge. (blasts Warren)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'. You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'.
Space Ghost: Tell 'em this. (blasts monitor)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tell- (Blam!)
Space Ghost: When you see 'em in Pelham.
(Black screen with title: "The End")
(TV in Space Ghost's living room shows "The End" title)
Space Ghost: That was good. What else is on?
(Television set, with "The Warren Show" title screen)
Announcer: (intro music) And now back to "The Warren Show".
(Shot of Space Ghost's apartment, with Moltar and Zorak)
Space Ghost: Ooh, I love Warren!
Warren: Tell us, Space, what are your superpowers?
Gary Owens: (as Space Ghost) I developed a few of my own, I, for example, can leap tall buildings in a single bound, I jump over buildings, I also have x-ray vision, and I can make change for a dollar.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! I don't remember...
Gary Owens: I can also bend my thumb, by the way.
Space Ghost: I've never been on "Warren"! That guy's a replicant!
Gary Owens: I can bend a spoon with my mind, but it has to be a plastic spoon. (TV laughter)
Moltar: Whoa!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: I can't do the real spoon. (TV applause)
Space Ghost: This is such bull! (blasts TV set) I am super-unsatisfied to be replicated in this way! Super-unsatisfied! I need to get to the bottom of this. Come on, boys! Let's take a ride!
Zorak: Pick me up a hitch-hiker, would'ya?
Space Ghost: You're coming with us, Zorak. We'll go see Warren, then we'll swing by the department store and get you some new slacks.
Zorak: And a hitch-hiker?
Space Ghost: We'll see.
Moltar: Shotgun!
Zorak: (slightly behind Moltar) Shotgun!
Moltar: Yes!
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Zorak: (hitting Moltar's seat from behind) (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: (mocking) "I have x-ray vision and I can make change for a dollar!"
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: I could make change for five dollars if I had to.
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Quit it!
(Cruiser approaches planetoid)
Moltar: Is this it?
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: QUIT IT!
Space Ghost: Yup, it's just like I remember it. Oh, look, they put in a Mr. Winters over there. You see, boys, Warren was my mentor. He was the wind beneath my cape. I learned so much that summer. Perhaps... too much. (sound of brakes) L-let's go back. (shifts into reverse, Phantom Cruiser backs up) What am I doing? (brakes) I love Warren! I need to see him. (shifts gears, goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But I've been replicated. (goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But, I have been replicated. (grinds gears) (goes forward again)
(The Cruiser finally lands; the hatch opens, Space Ghost emerges, to dramatic music)
Space Ghost: (goes back inside) They were closed.
Zorak: I wanna see!
Space Ghost: There's nothing to see. Now, who wants new slacks?
Zorak: I don't wear pants, and I don't know anyone who does!
Moltar: Yeah! We wanna see Warren!
Space Ghost: (sighs) All right.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar leave the ship and enter a cave)
Monitor: Welcome Space Ghost. Warren is expecting you.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's power bands disappear)
Space Ghost: My power bands!
Monitor: You know the rules. No weapons.
Zorak: Hey. You live here?
Monitor: Oh, I see you brought your mantis.
Moltar: (clears throat)
Monitor: And the fireman. How lucky.
Zorak: Where's the tub? Can I have this? (sound of glass breaking) Uh, that was broke already.
Space Ghost: Zorak...
Zorak: Someone boiling vinegar?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Shut your beak.
Zorak: Before you... close it with medical sutures?
Space Ghost: No, before I seal it using a powerful space-age adhesive, which I keep in my fanny pack.
Monitor: You know the rules. No fanny packs.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's fanny pack disappears)
Space Ghost: My breakfast bars!
Monitor: Ladies and gentlemen of the arena, I give you... Warren.
(Warren rolls out, looking very much like a potted plant)
Space Ghost: Well, it's been a long time.
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Warren, I've been replicated, man!
Warren: Hmph. Do I know you?
Space Ghost: You tell me, pal.
Warren: No, I don't know you.
Space Ghost: Warren, you had me on your show last night. But I wasn't on your show last night! I was right there in my living room, watching you having me on your show.
Zorak: Nice bush.
Warren: Ah, that's funny, mantis. Funny bugs like you, talkin' like that in my castle, end up, lookin' for their teeth, two blocks away, on Quinn Street.
Space Ghost: Zorak, let me handle this, please.
Zorak: Nice... bush.
Warren: Listen! I can burn you, like the crazy world of Arthur Brown.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Nice... bush.
(Warren zaps Zorak with a destructo ray)
Warren: We're both green, aren't we, Zorak? But I got rays, don't I!? Don't I? Don't I?
Moltar: You better answer him.
Warren: Don't I, Zorak?
Zorak: Ah, go fertilize yourself.
Warren: (zaps Zorak again several times)
Space Ghost: Warren, I've come many miles...
Warren: (zaps Zorak again)
Space Ghost: ... to set myself before you today to find out why you've betrayed our sacred covenant.
Warren: Do what now?
Space Ghost: Who was that you had on your show, because it wasn't me.
Warren: Aw, yeah. (chuckles) That was just Gary.
Space Ghost: Gary, huh?
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Ga-ry.
Warren: Yeah. (chuckles)
Space Ghost: Garrrrrrry.
Warren: Yep.
Space Ghost: Are you tryin' to shuck me?
Warren: Listen to me! Over there in the corner, you'll find a mystical cauldron. Conjure up Gary and he will appear before you. He knows the answers, to the questions that vex you so. Now I must adjourn, to my sunny spot, ah! (starts to roll away)
Space Ghost: Wait, you didn't answer my question! I didn't come here to talk to a cauldron! Warren, wait!
Moltar: He seemed like a good enough guy.
Zorak: Yeah, very personable.
Space Ghost: Come on, let's hold hands and conjure up this joker.
(Zorak, Space Ghost and Moltar are holding hands in front of a steaming cauldron)
Space Ghost: Gary... Om... (wolf howls in background) Hey, you guys have to do it too, or it won't work.
Zorak: Oh.
Space Ghost: Om...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Gary... Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Om... Om...
Zorak: Gary... Gary...
Moltar: Gary...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Gary...
Space Ghost: Om...
Moltar: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Om... Gary...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Got it.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: We're good. We got it.
Gary Owens: (in cauldron, as Space Ghost) (laughs) Thank you.
Space Ghost: It's him!
Moltar: Whoa!
Zorak: It's Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: It is indeed.
Space Ghost: It is not indeed! Do you know who I am? Gary? Take a good look. I'm Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: (coughs) You're what?
Space Ghost: That's right, Gary. I'm the real Space Ghost.
Gary Owens: So am I.
Space Ghost: No, see, I'm the one who flew around the galaxy saving planets, not you! Where do you get off being me?
Gary Owens: Uh, in the early days, back when, uh, when Space Ghost was first born, they let me play Space Ghost. And that was what, what a thrill.
Space Ghost: Uh, who's "they"?
Gary Owens: Mr. Joe Barbera, and Mr. Fred Silverman, gentlemen who chose me to play you.
Space Ghost: Nobody plays me, Jack! I play me.
Moltar: Hey Gary, who played me?
Gary Owens: Moltar? Moltar, I have a picture of you. I have a picture of Zorak over there, when he was just a mild mutant.
Zorak: Hey! Remember when I smashed your camera with that rock?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes. It was, what wonder days.
Moltar: Gary? Can you come home with us, and... be our new dad?
Space Ghost: Now, wait just a second! Can't you see? Are ya all blind? Moltar! Zorak! This is all just some demented mind trick brought on by Warren!
Gary Owens: I still have got the inviso-belt, I've got that in the trunk of the car right now.
Space Ghost: Listen up, you deluded old freak. Don't make me use my power bands on you.
Moltar: Space Ghost, uh... you don't have your power bands.
Space Ghost: Stay out of this, Moltar. The time has come for me to put a lid on this cosmic crackpot.
Gary Owens: This looks like real trouble. Hand me that veeblefetzer.
Zorak: Here ya go, buddy. (hands Gary a blast rifle)
Space Ghost: You're counting on hitting me with that veeblefetzer, aren't you?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: Because then you will become me, right.
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: That's just what I thought. Well, here's something you hadn't counted on, Gary. This set of auxiliary power bands, that I had hidden in my space cavity. Prepare for one of my harmful rays. (adjusts his power bands) Hold on a second. (bands make electronic noises; Space Ghost adjusts bands again) (quietly) You're gonna regret having messed with me. (presses button, but no ray, just a clunking sound) Turning it on. (makes sound like electronic flash charging) (quietly) Prepare... for one of my... harmful rays.
Gary Owens: (as Gary) Hey, sock it to me!
Space Ghost: Pucker up, Gary! (blasts Gary, whose hand is over his ear a la "Laugh-In") (smoke clears) Moltar, haul that to the Phantom Cruiser.
Warren: (slides into view) No!! You've destroyed my creation!
Space Ghost: Warren, you used that greasy replicant to lure me back here, didn't you?
Warren: Yeah, you know it.
Space Ghost: But why, Warren?
Warren: Well... (laughs) (dramatic sting music) Never mind why. The past is just the future that already happened. Now come on over here and I'll cradle you.
Moltar: (walks toward Warren)
Warren: (to Moltar) Not you! (to Space Ghost) You!
Space Ghost: I don't understand, Warren.
Warren: Often we fear what we don't understand, Space Ghost. Come closer to me!
Space Ghost: (steps closer to Warren)
Warren: (sniffs) Closer!
Space Ghost: (to himself: I must be out of my nut! What am I doing here? And why is Warren smelling me?)
Warren: How're ya folks and all them? (edges closer to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: They're... all... kind of... uh... uh...
Warren: Why don't you take your cape off? Ha!
Space Ghost: No... please...
Warren: Listen to me! Love and fear are often... the same thing. (sniffs)
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. Well, thank you.
Warren: Don't thank me. Just... (sniffs) hold me.
Space Ghost: (touches Warren; smiles)
Warren: Mmmmm! Prime rib!
Space Ghost: Wait, wait a second...
(TV shows static and "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" theme music; static gives way to Warren at Space Ghost's desk)
Warren: (on TV) Greetings citizens!
Space Ghost: Hey, what the...
Warren: I'm Warren! Is everybody gettin' enough carbon dioxide?
(Dramatic sting music, zoom in to Space Ghost's face)
Space Ghost: Aha! That's why you brought me here! So you could steal my show! But you already have a show! Why, Warren, why?
Warren: Well, you know, uh... (laughs) I just felt like it.
Space Ghost: Well, you greedy manipulating yard shrub. I'm not going to let your Warren impostinator steal my show right out from under me (reaches for his power bands)
Warren: But Space Ghost... How do you know that I'm not the impostinator?
Space Ghost: Well... you've lost me there, Warren. And now you must pay, you hateful hedge. (blasts Warren)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'. You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'.
Space Ghost: Tell 'em this. (blasts monitor)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tell- (Blam!)
Space Ghost: When you see 'em in Conyers.
(Black screen with title: "The End")
(TV in Space Ghost's living room shows "The End" title)
Space Ghost: That was good. What else is on?
(Credits roll)
Warren: Ha!

GUEST STARGary Owens
WRITTEN BYMatt Maeillaro
EDITORSKen BradyJay Bellissimo
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerColonel Bruce Hampton
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
CAMERA SUPERVISORRon Sutton
EFFECT DIRECTORBrian Adler
TECHNICAL DIRECTORBryan Smythe
VIDEOGRAPHERMelinda Nichols
LIGHTING ASSISTSJohn HalldenThomas Branch
TAPEJohn Parks
VIDEO SHADERJim Reeves
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
ON-LINE CONFORMBob Woodhead
EDIT ASSISTSJoe FriouDave DelBino
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureSophia PsomiadisMichael Lazzo
INTERNSKeith HillAaron Vandemark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSKhaki JonesLisa D. EllisKenny CrowEric SantacroceChris MooreTom RocheWilem Madison
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERKaili Rubin
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERBarry Mills
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 62 - "Warren (short version)"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:62
Title:Warren (short version)
Original Air Date:September 5, 1998
Guest Star:Gary Owens
Synopsis:The gang takes a road--er, space trip to visit Warren, a hateful hedge who plots to take over Space Ghost's show.  This show features Gary Owens, who originally voiced Space Ghost in the action series.(Synopsis by Hen Solo)

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Television set, with "The Warren Show" title screen)
Announcer: (intro music) And now back to "The Warren Show".
(Shot of Space Ghost's apartment, with Moltar and Zorak)
Space Ghost: Ooh, I love Warren!
Warren: Tell us, Space, what are your superpowers?
Gary Owens: (as Space Ghost) I developed a few of my own, I, for example, can leap tall buildings in a single bound, I jump over buildings, I also have x-ray vision, and I can make change for a dollar.
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! I don't remember...
Gary Owens: I can also bend my thumb, by the way.
Space Ghost: I've never been on "Warren"! That guy's a replicant!
Gary Owens: I can bend a spoon with my mind, but it has to be a plastic spoon. (TV laughter)
Moltar: Whoa!
Moltar: (laughs)
Zorak: (laughs)
Gary Owens: I can't do the real spoon. (TV applause)
Space Ghost: This is such bull! (blasts TV set) I am super-unsatisfied to be replicated in this way! Super-unsatisfied! I need to get to the bottom of this. Come on, boys! Let's take a ride!
Zorak: Pick me up a hitch-hiker, would'ya?
Space Ghost: You're coming with us, Zorak. We'll go see Warren, then we'll swing by the department store and get you some new slacks.
Zorak: And a hitch-hiker?
Space Ghost: We'll see.
Moltar: Shotgun!
Zorak: (slightly behind Moltar) Shotgun!
Moltar: Yes!
(Phantom Cruiser flies through space)
Zorak: (hitting Moltar's seat from behind) (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: (mocking) "I have x-ray vision and I can make change for a dollar!"
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Space Ghost: I could make change for five dollars if I had to.
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Stop it!
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: Quit it!
(Cruiser approaches planetoid)
Moltar: Is this it?
Zorak: (clank!)
Moltar: QUIT IT!
Space Ghost: Yup, it's just like I remember it. Oh, look, they put in a Mr. Winters over there. You see, boys, Warren was my mentor. He was the wind beneath my cape. I learned so much that summer. Perhaps... too much. (sound of brakes) L-let's go back. (shifts into reverse, Phantom Cruiser backs up) What am I doing? (brakes) I love Warren! I need to see him. (shifts gears, goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But I've been replicated. (goes forward again) But he hurts me. (brakes) But, I have been replicated. (grinds gears) (goes forward again)
(The Cruiser finally lands; the hatch opens, Space Ghost emerges, to dramatic music)
Space Ghost: (goes back inside) They were closed.
Zorak: I wanna see!
Space Ghost: There's nothing to see. Now, who wants new slacks?
Zorak: I don't wear pants, and I don't know anyone who does!
Moltar: Yeah! We wanna see Warren!
Space Ghost: (sighs) All right.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar leave the ship and enter a cave)
Monitor: Welcome Space Ghost. Warren is expecting you.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's power bands disappear)
Space Ghost: My power bands!
Monitor: You know the rules. No weapons.
Zorak: Hey. You live here?
Monitor: Oh, I see you brought your mantis.
Moltar: (clears throat)
Monitor: And the fireman. How lucky.
Zorak: Where's the tub? Can I have this? (sound of glass breaking) Uh, that was broke already.
Space Ghost: Zorak...
Zorak: Someone boiling vinegar?
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: Shut your beak.
Zorak: Before you... close it with medical sutures?
Space Ghost: No, before I seal it using a powerful space-age adhesive, which I keep in my fanny pack.
Monitor: You know the rules. No fanny packs.
(Dramatic sting music - Space Ghost's fanny pack disappears)
Space Ghost: My breakfast bars!
Monitor: Ladies and gentlemen of the arena, I give you... Warren.
(Warren rolls out, looking very much like a potted plant)
Space Ghost: Well, it's been a long time.
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Warren, I've been replicated, man!
Warren: Hmph. Do I know you?
Space Ghost: You tell me, pal.
Warren: No, I don't know you.
Space Ghost: Warren, you had me on your show last night. But I wasn't on your show last night! I was right there in my living room, watching you having me on your show.
Zorak: Nice bush.
Warren: Ah, that's funny, mantis. Funny bugs like you, talkin' like that in my castle, end up, lookin' for their teeth, two blocks away, on Quinn Street.
Space Ghost: Zorak, let me handle this, please.
Zorak: Nice... bush.
Warren: Listen! I can burn you, like the crazy world of Arthur Brown.
Space Ghost: Zorak!
Zorak: Nice... bush.
(Warren zaps Zorak with a destructo ray)
Warren: We're both green, aren't we, Zorak? But I got rays, don't I!? Don't I? Don't I?
Moltar: You better answer him.
Warren: Don't I, Zorak?
Zorak: Ah, go fertilize yourself.
Warren: (zaps Zorak again several times)
Space Ghost: Warren, I've come many miles...
Warren: (zaps Zorak again)
Space Ghost: ... to set myself before you today to find out why you've betrayed our sacred covenant.
Warren: Do what now?
Space Ghost: Who was that you had on your show, because it wasn't me.
Warren: Aw, yeah. (chuckles) That was just Gary.
Space Ghost: Gary, huh?
Warren: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Ga-ry.
Warren: Yeah. (chuckles)
Space Ghost: Garrrrrrry.
Warren: Yep.
Space Ghost: Are you tryin' to shuck me?
Warren: Listen to me! Over there in the corner, you'll find a mystical cauldron. Conjure up Gary and he will appear before you. He knows the answers, to the questions that vex you so. Now I must adjourn, to my sunny spot, ah! (starts to roll away)
Space Ghost: Wait, you didn't answer my question! I didn't come here to talk to a cauldron! Warren, wait!
Moltar: He seemed like a good enough guy.
Zorak: Yeah, very personable.
Space Ghost: Come on, let's hold hands and conjure up this joker.
(Zorak, Space Ghost and Moltar are holding hands in front of a steaming cauldron)
Space Ghost: Gary... Om... (wolf howls in background) Hey, you guys have to do it too, or it won't work.
Zorak: Oh.
Space Ghost: Om...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Gary... Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Om... Om...
Zorak: Gary... Gary...
Moltar: Gary...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Gary...
Space Ghost: Om...
Moltar: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Gary...
Zorak: Om...
Moltar: Om... Gary...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: Got it.
Zorak: Om...
Space Ghost: We're good. We got it.
Gary Owens: (in cauldron, as Space Ghost) (laughs) Thank you.
Space Ghost: It's him!
Moltar: Whoa!
Zorak: It's Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: It is indeed.
Space Ghost: It is not indeed! Do you know who I am? Gary? Take a good look. I'm Space Ghost!
Gary Owens: (coughs) You're what?
Space Ghost: That's right, Gary. I'm the real Space Ghost.
Gary Owens: So am I.
Space Ghost: No, see, I'm the one who flew around the galaxy saving planets, not you! Where do you get off being me?
Gary Owens: Uh, in the early days, back when, uh, when Space Ghost was first born, they let me play Space Ghost. And that was what, what a thrill.
Space Ghost: Uh, who's "they"?
Gary Owens: Mr. Joe Barbera, and Mr. Fred Silverman, gentlemen who chose me to play you.
Space Ghost: Nobody plays me, Jack! I play me.
Moltar: Hey Gary, who played me?
Gary Owens: Moltar? Moltar, I have a picture of you. I have a picture of Zorak over there, when he was just a mild mutant.
Zorak: Hey! Remember when I smashed your camera with that rock?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes. It was, what wonder days.
Moltar: Gary? Can you come home with us, and... be our new dad?
Space Ghost: Now, wait just a second! Can't you see? Are ya all blind? Moltar! Zorak! This is all just some demented mind trick brought on by Warren!
Gary Owens: I still have got the inviso-belt, I've got that in the trunk of the car right now.
Space Ghost: Listen up, you deluded old freak. Don't make me use my power bands on you.
Moltar: Space Ghost, uh... you don't have your power bands.
Space Ghost: Stay out of this, Moltar. The time has come for me to put a lid on this cosmic crackpot.
Gary Owens: This looks like real trouble. Hand me that veeblefetzer.
Zorak: Here ya go, buddy. (hands Gary a blast rifle)
Space Ghost: You're counting on hitting me with that veeblefetzer, aren't you?
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: Because then you will become me, right.
Gary Owens: Oh, yes, yes.
Space Ghost: That's just what I thought. Well, here's something you hadn't counted on, Gary. This set of auxiliary power bands, that I had hidden in my space cavity. Prepare for one of my harmful rays. (adjusts his power bands) Hold on a second. (bands make electronic noises; Space Ghost adjusts bands again) (quietly) You're gonna regret having messed with me. (presses button, but no ray, just a clunking sound) Turning it on. (makes sound like electronic flash charging) (quietly) Prepare... for one of my... harmful rays.
Gary Owens: (as Gary) Hey, sock it to me!
Space Ghost: Pucker up, Gary! (blasts Gary, whose hand is over his ear a la "Laugh-In") (smoke clears) Moltar, haul that to the Phantom Cruiser.
Warren: (slides into view) No!! You've destroyed my creation!
Space Ghost: Warren, you used that greasy replicant to lure me back here, didn't you?
Warren: Yeah, you know it.
Space Ghost: But why, Warren?
Warren: Well... (laughs) (dramatic sting music) Never mind why. The past is just the future that already happened. Now come on over here and I'll cradle you.
Moltar: (walks toward Warren)
Warren: (to Moltar) Not you! (to Space Ghost) You!
Space Ghost: I don't understand, Warren.
Warren: Often we fear what we don't understand, Space Ghost. Come closer to me!
Space Ghost: (steps closer to Warren)
Warren: (sniffs) Closer!
Space Ghost: (to himself: I must be out of my nut! What am I doing here? And why is Warren smelling me?)
Warren: How're ya folks and all them? (edges closer to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: They're... all... kind of... uh... uh...
Warren: Why don't you take your cape off? Ha!
Space Ghost: No... please...
Warren: Listen to me! Love and fear are often... the same thing. (sniffs)
Space Ghost: Oh, okay. Well, thank you.
Warren: Don't thank me. Just... (sniffs) hold me.
Space Ghost: (touches Warren; smiles)
Warren: Mmmmm! Prime rib!
Space Ghost: Wait, wait a second...
(TV shows static and "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" theme music; static gives way to Warren at Space Ghost's desk)
Warren: (on TV) Greetings citizens!
Space Ghost: Hey, what the...
Warren: I'm Warren! Is everybody gettin' enough carbon dioxide?
(Dramatic sting music, zoom in to Space Ghost's face)
Space Ghost: Aha! That's why you brought me here! So you could steal my show! But you already have a show! Why, Warren, why?
Warren: Well, you know, uh... (laughs) I just felt like it.
Space Ghost: Well, you greedy manipulating yard shrub. I'm not going to let your Warren impostinator steal my show right out from under me (reaches for his power bands)
Warren: But Space Ghost... How do you know that I'm not the impostinator?
Space Ghost: Well... you've lost me there, Warren. And now you must pay, you hateful hedge. (blasts Warren)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'. You've destroyed Warren. I'm tellin'.
Space Ghost: Tell 'em this. (blasts monitor)
Monitor: You've destroyed Warren. I'm tell- (Blam!)
Space Ghost: When you see 'em in Poland.
(Black screen with title: "The End")
(TV in Space Ghost's living room shows "The End" title)
Space Ghost: That was good. What else is on?
(Credits roll)
Warren: Ha!

GUEST STARGary Owens
WRITTEN BYMatt Maeillaro
EDITORSKen BradyJay Bellissimo
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerColonel Bruce Hampton
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
CAMERA SUPERVISORRon Sutton
EFFECT DIRECTORBrian Adler
TECHNICAL DIRECTORBryan Smythe
VIDEOGRAPHERMelinda Nichols
LIGHTING ASSISTSJohn HalldenThomas Branch
TAPEJohn Parks
VIDEO SHADERJim Reeves
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
ON-LINE CONFORMBob Woodhead
EDIT ASSISTSJoe FriouDave DelBino
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureSophia PsomiadisMichael Lazzo
INTERNSKeith HillAaron Vandemark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSKhaki JonesLisa D. EllisKenny CrowEric SantacroceChris MooreTom RocheWilem Madison
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERKaili Rubin
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERBarry Mills
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 63 - "Chinatown"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:63
Title:Chinatown
Original Air Date:September 10, 1998
Guest Stars:Tyra Banks, Rebecca Romijn

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
Space Ghost: (invisos in to set) Hello! And behold, for I am the Space Ghost. King of space and all that it contains.
Zorak: Question.
Space Ghost: On tonight's crude mix of animation and jarring live action footage, we have Tyra Banks...
Zorak: Question.
Space Ghost: No questions, please. And, Rebecca Romijn.
Zorak: Question.
Space Ghost: Please hold all questions until after the show.
Zorak: Statement?
Space Ghost: No statements, thank you.
Zorak: Comment?
Space Ghost: I have no comment at this time. Thank you all for coming.
(Lights start to flash on and off, Space Ghost invisos out. Rags is in the control room, he jumps onto the control console. Credits roll)
Zorak: (stares)
Space Ghost: (looks at Zorak)
Zorak: I am Zorak! Dark lord of inequity! Bow down before me!
Space Ghost: (looks at Zorak)
Zorak: (sighs, looks away)
Space Ghost: Please welcome my first guest, Tyra Banks! (waits for monitor to lower, nothing happens)
Zorak: (off camera) (terrible keyboard noise) Argggh! Shoot it! (Rags is sitting on Zorak's keyboard) Shoot it! (Rags makes sounds by walking on keyboard)
Space Ghost: Zorak, that's no way to greet our new director.
Zorak: (peeks up from pod, with Rags still lying on keyboard) Where's Moltar?
Space Ghost: Who? Oh, I traded him.
Zorak: For this hairy pile of meat? (Rags finally jumps down from keyboard)
Space Ghost: This "hairy pile of meat", Zorak, is a highly skilled director, with impeccable comic timing. (Rags walks over and lays down in front of Space Ghost's desk) Not to mention he can clean his entire body using only his tongue. Which is more than I can say for Jerktar.
Zorak: Dog's can't direct.
Space Ghost: And mantises can't play keyboards, right?
Zorak: (plays keyboard, it makes terrible noises)
Space Ghost: Zorak, break time is over.
Zorak: (continues playing noises)
Space Ghost: (aims power bands, all of a sudden noises are replaced by pop instrumental music) (smiles)
Zorak: (starts playing noises again)
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak with destructo ray)
Zorak: (coughs)
Space Ghost: Mm! (dramatic music in background) This dog, who they said couldn't direct, is gonna take this show, which they said couldn't be done, and turn it into a show (Rags jumps up on Space Ghost's desk) that has never been done. (stands up) Before. (to Rags) Go get Tyra! (Rags jumps down) That's a boy!
Zorak: So... who'd ya trade Moltar to?
(Picture of Japanese ballpark)
Announcer: (says a bunch of Japanese stuff) ... MOL-TAR!
Moltar: (in dugout) Huh?
Zorak: You got ripped. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Oh yeah? Well, how about I also received Mookie Wilson, Omar Moreno, and a bag of cats.
Zorak: Oh, where are they? Break 'em out!
Space Ghost: Well, Mookie and Omar decided to sleep in...
Zorak: Yeah, yeah, yeah, what about the cats?
Space Ghost: What cats?
Zorak: They gave you cats, right?
Space Ghost: Yeah!
(Backstage, large yellow armored monster terrorizes three kittens)
Space Ghost: Please welcome my first guest, Tyra Banks! (waits for monitor to lower, nothing happens)
Zorak: (stares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: (invisos to control room) (to Rags) That was your cue.
Rags: (walks away)
Space Ghost: Good idea, you go familiarize yourself with the manual and... I'll just get you started. (walks up to control room monitor) Zorak, where's the lever?
Zorak: I am Zorak! Dark Lord of...
Space Ghost: Whatever. (presses a button, gets shocked & thrown back. Tyra appears)
Tyra Banks: (laughs)
Space Ghost: (sitting on floor) Tyra?
Tyra Banks: Yes.
Space Ghost: (flies back to his desk)
Tyra Banks: (blows kiss to Zorak)
Zorak: (starts wheezing and panting)
Space Ghost: (bounds into his chair) Ladies and gentlemen - shut up, Z...
Tyra Banks: Hello universe, my name is Tyra Banks.
Space Ghost: Ty-ra. Ra! That's the Egyptian sun god. So, I guess that makes you Egyptian.
Tyra Banks: Actually, well, I'm, I -
Space Ghost: Here's something about your culture you probably don't know. Ra is actually short for Roger.
Tyra Banks: I think it's really nice it's -
Space Ghost: Also a sports term which, translated roughly, means, "Cheers". Did you ever watch that show? It was pretty good.
Tyra Banks: (opens her mouth to talk)
Space Ghost: Here's something else you might not know. "Cheers" was filmed in front of a live studio audience.
Tyra Banks: (nods) Well, we have like some kind of space -
Space Ghost: Although I don't know if I believe that.
Tyra Banks: Well, I -
Space Ghost: Seriously I don't.
Tyra Banks: But it's not -
Space Ghost: That reminds me of a story I think you'll find fascinating.
(Transition with harp music - Space Ghost is in mail room)
Space Ghost: I would like one stamp, please.
Mail Room Guy: That'll be thirty-two cents.
Space Ghost: I don't have any money.
(Transition back to studio)
Space Ghost: (laughs) True story.
Tyra Banks: Well, I know -
Space Ghost: Did I mention that I like to sketch?
Tyra Banks: No.
Space Ghost: I'm pretty deep that way. Why don't you sit still as I capture your essense in colored pencil?
Tyra Banks: (smiles and waits uncomfortably while Space Ghost sketches)
Space Ghost: (sketches for a long time, then looks up momentarily: sketches again) So, you're workin' it with John Stamos. That's a good one.
Tyra Banks: That's not me! That's your next guest!
Space Ghost: Nice try. (looks at note card) It says right here, "Ask Tyra about John Stamos".
Tyra Banks: "Ask Tyra about John Stamos"? No, that's my good friend's fiance, and that's all I know.
Space Ghost: (stares at note card) (to himself: My note cards have been desequencified.) This smells like the work of Zorak!
Zorak: Yes, it was I, Zorak! Emerald rogue! Wronger of rights! Pincher of sensitive areas!
Space Ghost: That's the best you can do.
Zorak: Eh... I'm not myself without Moltar.
(Piano accompaniment begins, Zorak recites poem, with subtitles and bouncing Moltar head)
Zorak: Goodbye to you, my molten friendWe've known each otherSince we were in the penTogether we climbed hills and treesLearned assault and batterySkinned our hearts and skinned our knees.
Space Ghost: You're losin' your edge.
(In control room)
Rags: (Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark!)
Zorak: (on monitor) (hisses at Rags)
Rags: (Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark!)
Zorak: (evil laugh)
Space Ghost: What'd he say?
Zorak: He had a question about the, um... component.
Space Ghost: (looks up, then resumes sketching)
Tyra Banks: (smiling uncomfortably) Space Ghost, you're so...
Space Ghost: I'm really creative. Sometimes I wear an eyepatch because I'm so creative.
Tyra Banks: I have no idea...
Space Ghost: Plus, I'm mysterious. People wonder about me.
Tyra Banks: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (finishes sketching) Okay. Take a look at this. (holds up sketch titled "Tyra!", with badly drawn caricature) That's you! Pretty good, huh?
Tyra Banks: (pained look) It's okay.
Space Ghost: Ever get a big zit on your back?
Tyra Banks: (disgusted look)
(Credits roll prematurely again)
Space Ghost: Tyra? Tyra... (invisos back to control room)
(Rags is chewing on something)
Space Ghost: Bad director! Bad director! What the... My retainer!
(Moltar is standing in the middle of the baseball field, organ music and crowd noises in background)
Moltar: Please strike out, please strike out, please strike out, please strike - (CRACK!) Oh no... Please go to the fence, please go to the fence, please go to the fence, please go to the fence... (BALL DROPS AND ROLLS JUST PAST HIM; HE JUST STANDS THERE)
Voice: Moltar! (Japanese cursing)
(Back in studio)
Space Ghost: Please welcome my next guest, Rebecca Romijn.
(Monitor displays funny patterns, but no Rebecca)
Rebecca Romijn: (voice only) Hello, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Rebecca? Where are you?
(In control room, Rags lies on the floor)
Rebecca Romijn: (on monitor) Hello? Hello, hello, hello?
Space Ghost: Rebecca, turn off your inviso-power.
Rebecca Romijn: I'm here, I'm here, I'm right here.
Space Ghost: Oh no! Can it be? Have I lost the gift of sight in not one, but both eyes?
Zorak: Simmer down there, Sandra Dee.
Space Ghost: (looking up) Zorak? Is that you? My oldest and truest evil bandleader? (turns and looks to his left) Oh, Zorak, it is you! I can see! I can see! This is the happiest day of my life!
Zorak: (walks up to Space Ghost as he speaks) (belches, and blows it on Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: You probably think that's cool.
(In control room, Rags is chewing on a rug and growling)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Miss Romijn?
Rebecca Romijn: Where am I? What's going on right now?
Space Ghost: This is Space Ghost here. Over.
Rebecca Romijn: Hello, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Sorry for the difficulty, Rebecca. Somebody seems to have slobbered on all the settings. Over.
Rags: (Bark! Bark!)
Rebecca Romijn: Who was that, what was that weird noise?
Space Ghost: Nothing. Hang tight for a sec. Over and out. (presses a console button, sends Rebecca to the studio monitor)
Rebecca Romijn: Oh, good, thank you.
Rags: (continues to growl and thrash the rug back and forth)
Space Ghost: You're worse than Molton! (bounds back to his desk) Please welcome my next guest, super-model Rebecca Romijn.
Rebecca Romijn: Thank you, it's really exciting to be here, thanks.
Space Ghost: Yes, yes, enough about me, let's talk about you. Now, you do runway modeling occasionally, right?
Rebecca Romijn: That's right.
Space Ghost: Okay, when you're walking down the runway...
Rebecca Romijn: Yeah...
Space Ghost: Do ya ever get the urge to just run and take off like an XG series pulse-modulated Donovan craft?
Rebecca Romijn: Well, you know, sometimes when I'm walking down the runway, all I'm wearing are, are underpants.
Space Ghost: Uh, ahh.... (falls over at his desk, his feet stick up in the air)
Rebecca Romijn: Oh no... are you okay?
Space Ghost: (gets up) Were you just hitting on me?
Rebecca Romijn: You're kind of intimidating me, Space Ghost, that strong jaw, and those, those, those, those, those intense eyes.
Space Ghost: Yeah. And how about my generous biceps?
Rebecca Romijn: (laughs) Well, they're, they're intimidating too.
Space Ghost: You mean it? You're not just blowing smoke up my cape.
Rebecca Romijn: I, I do, I love you, Space -
(Credits roll prematurely again)
Space Ghost: Rebecca? NO! (invisos to control room)
Rags: (Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark!)
Space Ghost: Well that's it, pal, your directing days are over. I'm sending you back to the minors. Zorak, bring the car around)
(Space Ghost piloting the Phantom Cruiser, with Rags sitting next to him. He listens to a tape while he drives; Rags starts barking, he turns up the tape volume louder and louder until it distorts)
(Moltar is still standing in baseball field; Phantom Cruiser lands next to him)
Space Ghost: Moltar! Get in the car!
(Space Ghost and Moltar take off, leaving Rags on the field)
Moltar: Seven errors! Gah... Seven!
Space Ghost: Forget it, Moltar. It's Chinatown.
(Phantom Cruiser zooms out of sight)
(Organ music)
Voice: Moltar! (more Japanese cursing)

GUEST STARSTyra BanksRebecca Romijn
DIRECTED BYRags
WRITTEN BYDave Willis
EDITORSJay EdwardsTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerOliver NicholsChung-Yi HongAllen W. Song
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
CAMERA SUPERVISORRon Sutton
AUDIO SUPERVISORRob Mason
EFFECTS DIRECTORBrian Adler
TECHNICAL DIRECTORPeter Fredlund
LIGHTING DIRECTORRuss Thomas
VIDEOGRAPHERDennis Bassarab
LIGHTING ASSISTTony NewmanCraig Waller
AUDIOJohn Phillips
TAPESusan Boyd
ANIMAL TRAINERSSenia PhillipsLewin Phillips
EDIT ASSISTSReid JacobsonKevin Powell
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMBob Woodhead
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureSophia PsomiadisMichael Lazzo
INTERNSKeith HillAaron Vandemark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSKhaki JonesSteve CopsesAtlanta Braves Baseball ClubJim TessmerMacon Braves Baseball ClubSouthern Animal Talent AgencyBen DannerMardy BeesonLisa D. EllisDefinging ImageChris ThorneUnderground Caricatures
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERIsabel Gonzalez
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERBarry Mills
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 64 - "Rio Ghosto"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:64
Title:Rio Ghosto
Original Air Date:September 17, 1998
Guest Stars:Ben Stiller, Kevin Smith, Jim Jarmusch

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(Opening screen with Ghost Planet, titled "Last Saturday". Transition to Space Ghost's lab, with sign reading "Do Not Enter, House of Pain Cakes". Space Ghost types on a mechanical typewriter as he speaks)
Space Ghost: Scene one, office, day. Mr. White says, "I will stop you." (carriage return) And Mr. Black says, "You won't stop me." (CARRIAGE RETURN) Mr. White says, "Yes, I will stop you." I read that wrong: "Yes, I WILL stop you!" (CARRIAGE RETURN) (PAUSE) Hmm. (PAUSE) Robotic space worm enters, destroys city, The End. (carriage return) (pause) Or is it? (carriage return)
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos to set) Greetings, I'm Space Ghost, architect of the future. Welcome to the show. (waves) So, how was your weekend, Zorak?
Zorak: I, uh, I did some volunteer work over at the orphanage.
Space Ghost: Well, I was... (does a double take) Yeah. Well, I was finishing up my screen play, and it's brilliant. Brilliant! Now play me to the Desk.
(Zorak and Way-outs play)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Some of my director pals are dropping by the studio tonight, and if one of 'em plays his cards right, I'll affix him to my movie.
Zorak: You don't know any directors.
Space Ghost: Sure I do. Moltar's a director, aren't you, Moltar?
Moltar: Yeah, check it out. (throws lever, title card reading "A Moltar Film" scrolls up onto screen, with fanfare music) Ta da. (title card stays in middle of screen)
Space Ghost: See, Zorak?
Moltar: Hey Space Ghost, why doncha let me direct your movie?
Space Ghost: Moltar, Moltar, Moltar, Moltar, Moltar, Moltar, Moltar. (laughs) That's very thoughtful of you. But your specialty is cartoons.
Moltar: So?
Space Ghost: So cartoon's are kid's stuff. I need someone with real adult film experience. I'm sure you understand.
Moltar: Oh, I do.
Space Ghost: And, would you lose the title card. We're not doing "Three's Company" here.
Moltar: Sure. (throws lever, title card disappears and trap door opens under Space Ghost's chair)
Space Ghost: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa...
Zorak: (evil laughter)
Moltar: (evil laughter)
Space Ghost: (thud) (far away voice) Moltar, see me after the show.
Moltar: (laughs)
(Monitor lowers from ceiling with Ben Stiller. Space Ghost's desk is still empty. smaller "A Moltar Film" title card appears in lower left corner)
Zorak: (turns and glares at Ben)
Ben Stiller: It's a pleasure to be here.
Zorak: Who are you?
Ben Stiller: (looks around) Um, I'm Ben Stiller.
Zorak: Is that a wig?
Space Ghost: (groaning sounds, climbs up through trap door and into his chair)
Zorak: It sure looks like a wig.
Space Ghost: Sorry about that, Ben. Can we get you anything?
Ben Stiller: I probably could use some coffee.
Space Ghost: Yeah. (creaking sound in background) Coffee would be good.
Ben Stiller: Um...
Zorak: Psst, Ben?
Ben Stiller: Yeah?
Zorak: You have a kind face.
Ben Stiller: Thank you.
Space Ghost: The kind you would like to do what to, Zorak?
Zorak: The kind I'd like to chew off and spit on and spit up and stomp on...
Ben Stiller: You know what?
Zorak: I'm not finished yet. And slap. And push. And kick. And... push. And... kick.
Ben Stiller: Zorak, I enjoy the, your ribald sense of humor, that you bring to the show.
Zorak: Yeah, I'm ribald.
Ben Stiller: I think you are a necessary evil...
Zorak: Yeah, I'm evil.
Ben Stiller: ... if you will, on this show.
Zorak: Yeah, I will.
Ben Stiller: I think you guys have a great little reparte thing happening.
Space Ghost: Don't mind Zorak, Ben, he's just a squirrel.
Ben Stiller: (laughs) Okay, uh...
Space Ghost: (coughs) Uh oh (laughter in background) (coughs again; more background laughter) Hang on. (sneezes) (enthusiastic applause) Thank you!
Ben Stiller: (holds hands up) Oooo!
Space Ghost: Anyway, I think you should direct my movie!
Ben Stiller: Yeah, "Cable Guy 2", starring Space Ghost. You could be the, uh, kooky guy who comes and hooks up the, uh...
Space Ghost: Let me get with my people, Ben. I'll get back to you on that. Zorak, Moltar, meeting.
(In control room)
Space Ghost: Gentlemen?
Zorak: (flaps lips) Stinks.
Moltar: Pasadena.
(In studio)
Space Ghost: Ben, we love the idea! So, we're gonna pass. Moltar and Zorak, they just don't share our vision.
Ben Stiller: Okay, thank you. Moltar, and Zorak. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Ben, you've been making movies since before you were born. If you could give me any advice about my movie career, what would it be?
Ben Stiller: Um, I would start out with comedy, like you're doing.
Space Ghost: (writing franticly) Start... out... with... okay, start out with comedy, like I'm doing...
Ben Stiller: Do the stand-up, I'd like to see you do some stand-up.
Space Ghost: The stand-up. (stands up) Like this?
Ben Stiller: Uh...
Space Ghost: Is this funny?
Ben Stiller: No. (smiles)
Space Ghost: (begins to float) How about floating?
Ben Stiller: Okay.
Space Ghost: Is that funny?
Ben Stiller: (laughs) No.
(Some goofy guy rolling on the grass, laughing)
Space Ghost: (talking on the phone through his communicator) Now, if I'm not completely satisfied, you say I get a full refund. (background reply sounds) That sounds fair. And, still keep my miracle hat? (reply sounds) Yeah, I think I do know a couple of people who may be interested.
Moltar: No.
Space Ghost: O-kay. Zorak, you want in on this?
Zorak: (flaps lips)
Kevin Smith: (appears on monitor) Hey, how are you, Ghost.
Space Ghost: I'm on the phone, that's how. Rude. Okay, put me down for six dozen more. (reply sounds) Yeah, I can hold. (hold music)
Kevin Smith: (puts his hand to his ear)
Space Ghost: Where'd you get that sweater? It looks cheap. I hate it. (hums along with hold music) (click: reply sounds) Okay then. (phone hangs up, dialtone) Thank you so much. Bye now. Alrighty. Identify yourself, Kevin.
Kevin Smith: Um, I'm Kevin Smith. I've, I've directed "Clerks" and "Mall Rats" and "Chasing Amy".
Space Ghost: And that's why you're here. To discuss my movie.
Kevin Smith: Um, I guess I should, I should pitch you something, huh? Are you up for that?
Space Ghost: I'm up for sittin' by the pool and watchin' the jack roll in.
Zorak: I'm up for a Peabody.
Space Ghost: (looks at Zorak) Squirrels don't win awards. Stupid squirrel.
Kevin Smith: Zorak.
Zorak: Kevin!
Kevin Smith: Zorak! (makes thumb-forefinger-pinky gestures with both hands)
Zorak: Kevin!
Kevin Smith: Zorak!
Space Ghost: (stands up) Spaaaace Ghoooost!
Kevin Smith: (rolls his eyes)
Space Ghost: (sits down) Ha ha, sorry.
Zorak: Pfft!
Space Ghost: So, Kevin, what's the plan? What now, where to, what's next for the Space Ghost?
Kevin Smith: I think you just need to work with the right director. So I'm sure this is boring Zorak, but...
Zorak: Yeah, I turned off my ears five minutes ago.
Space Ghost: Then how did you know what he said?
Zorak: Huh?
Space Ghost: I said, if you turned off your ears, how did you know what Kevin said?
Zorak: What?
Space Ghost: I said, if you...
Zorak: Huh?
Space Ghost: I said, if you turned, did you say "turned off"?
Zorak: Yup.
Space Ghost: I said, if you turned off your ears, how did you know what Kevin said?
Zorak: Ih.
Space Ghost: Zorak? Zorak!
Zorak: (floats out of his pod)
(Space Ghost shoots Zorak with his power bands)
Zorak: Aaaaa!!! (lands in his pod)
Space Ghost: Floating isn't funny.
Kevin Smith: (laughs) Tad.
Space Ghost: You laughin' at me, boy?
Kevin Smith: No, I, I didn't mean, I was laughing with you.
Space Ghost: But I wasn't laughing, was I?
Kevin Smith: No, you hadn't...
Space Ghost: No, I hadn't, had I?
Kevin Smith: No...
Space Ghost: So, it's all settled then. Now I have a contract drawn up for you to direct my movie. All you need to do is sign it, and then go away.
Kevin Smith: I'd be up for that. I'd, I'd sign a waiver.
Space Ghost: Actually, it's a little more binding than a waiver. It's more like a trap. So, if you could just go ahead and sign that, we'll begin principle photography in, what, say, ten minutes?
Kevin Smith: You are takin' care of business, he is takin' care of business, Zorak, isn't he?
Zorak: (transformed into a squirrel) (blinks) Screwy, ain't it?
Kevin Smith: Never mind the big bug bust-the-power-band move.
Space Ghost: Listen, Kevin, if you're not going to take this seriously...
Kevin Smith: I've got a question now, where is, where is the monkey?
Space Ghost: That's it.
Kevin Smith: Monkey can't get a break in this business.
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: Cue fire. (throws lever, Kevin is enveloped in flames)
Kevin Smith: Aaaaaa!!!
Space Ghost: (taps cards) Meeting.
(In control room)
Space Ghost: Is everyone here?
Zorak: Yup.
Moltar: Yup.
Space Ghost: Good.
(In studio)
Space Ghost: Alrighty. Please say hello to my last and final guest, Jim Jarmusch.
Jim Jarmusch: I'm really happy to be here, but I'm a little confused, because I, uh... (flames leap up around jim) Uh...
Space Ghost: Okay, quit horsin' around, Moltar, you're embarrassing me. (flames subside)
Jim Jarmusch: That's better, thanks. The last thing I remember was I was asleep at home in my bed, and then there was this really intense white light, that...
Space Ghost: I usually see sky rockets.
Jim Jarmusch: I, I see.
Space Ghost: Yes. Then, the depression and guilt.
Jim Jarmusch: Really.
Space Ghost: I don't need to tell you that. (beat) Out loud. (beat) Meeting.
(In control room)
(Zorak the squirrel and floating Moltar)
Space Ghost: (coughs) (applause)
(In studio)
Jim Jarmusch: Hey, could I say 'hi' to some of my friends in the cartoon world? (Quickdraw McGraw walks by) 'Cause I've never been, like, in cartoon land before.
Zorak: How ya doin' there, pardner? Hup, see ya later.
Space Ghost: Actually, Jim, I - (falls through trap door again) Aaaaaaaaaaaa...
Zorak: (evil laughter)
Moltar: (evil laughter) I love that.
Zorak: Psst, Jim!
Jim Jarmusch: Yeah. (thud)
Zorak: You have a kind face.
Space Ghost: (far away voice) Meeting!
(In control room)
(Disco lights and music)
(In studio)
Space Ghost: Anyway, about my movie...
Jim Jarmusch: You could, like, grow an extra head or, you know, die and come back to life, or, uh...
Space Ghost: (beat) Meeting!
(In control room)
(Everyone sings)
Space Ghost: Hello!
Moltar: Hello!
Zorak: Hello!
Jim Jarmusch: Hello?
(In studio)
Space Ghost: Sorry, Jim, but we're in a hurry, and the only reason you're here is that you're a director. So, help me or leave.
Jim Jarmusch: Yeah, I, I, uh... What's up with Zorak, is he, uh, he's like some kind of outer space grasshopper or something?
Space Ghost: Help me or leave, Jim.
Jim Jarmusch: Is he related, is he, like, the evil twin of Jiminy Cricket? You know, the...
Space Ghost: Help me or leave, Jim.
Jim Jarmusch: And another thing I wanted to ask you, now, why do you superheroes, like, wear your underwear on the outside of your pants?
Space Ghost: Moltar?
(Jim is enveloped in flames)
Jim Jarmusch: Aaaaaa!!!
Space Ghost: Aw heck, I'll just direct it myself.
Jim Jarmusch: Help me!
Space Ghost: Oh, be quiet.
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa...

GUEST STARSBen StillerKevin SmithJim Jarmusch
WRITTEN BYMark Banker
EDITORSKen BradyTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerPete Smith
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORDave Sillman
INK & PAINTPat Epstein
ON-LINE CONFORMJay Bellissimo
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTWilem Madison
ON-LOCATION DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHYDennis Bassarab
SOUND TECHMardy Beeson
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION MANAGERKaili Rubin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureJames HuffmanMichelle A. LongMichael Lazzo
INTERNSJoey GoogeNatali Tesche
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSJames Harrison & FamilySouthern Animal Talent AgencyLoren FallsKathy RoastKenny CrowLisa D. Ellis
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERIsabel Gonzalez
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERBarry Mills
PRODUCERPete Smith
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 65 - "Pal Joey"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:65
Title:Pal Joey
Original Air Date:September 24, 1998
Guest Star:Michael Moore

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(In the studio, Michael Moore is in the monitor. Joey walks up to Space Ghost's desk, wearing his own homemade Space Ghost suit.
Joey: (clears throat) Greetings, citizen, and welcome to my show.
Michael Moore: Well, thanks for having me here, Space Ghost.
Joey: Please, identify yourself to the universe.
Michael Moore: My name is Michael Moore, and, um, I'm, I'm really nobody.
Joey: (LAUGHS) That can't be true, I wouldn't have "nobody" on my show!
Michael Moore: Hey, can we, can we stop for a second?
Joey: Of course.
Michael Moore: Okay. You're not actually Space Ghost, are you?
Joey: (beat) (inhales through teeth)
Michael Moore: I wasn't prepared for, I thought it was actually going to be the character.
Joey: (hands over his face) Yes, sir.
Michael Moore: You're like a really bad reader that's reading the script. (laughs)
Joey: Well, actually... I'm an intern, and -
Space Ghost: (enters) Former intern! I thought I told -
Joey: (scrambles off screen)
Space Ghost: You better run, Joey!
(Opening theme & titles)
Space Ghost: (invisos to set) Moltar?
Moltar: (reading a book) Eh, I wasn't ready.
Space Ghost: Eh, I'll do it again.
(Moltar throws lever, show rewinds, throws lever again, Space Ghost re-invisos in)
Space Ghost: Time?
Moltar: 4.2.
Space Ghost: Ehh! (invisos out, then invisos to desk) Time.
Moltar: Um, 3.9.
Space Ghost: Again! (invisos out, then back in, out of breath) Time.
Moltar: Oooh. 5.8.
Space Ghost: Oh, one, one more time, once more.
Moltar: The guest is waiting,
Space Ghost: Let him wait! I need to get that time down to 3.5 by six o'clock Sunday or I'm a dead man!
Moltar: Oh, did I say 5.8? I meant... 2.3.
Space Ghost: Yes! I'm saved!
Joey: (off stage, clapping) Nice going, sir. Congratulations!
(Space Ghost turns and blasts in his direction; Joey bolts in time)
Space Ghost: Moltar, didn't I order you to revoke Joey's security clearance?
Moltar: Get off my back, I'm not your slave.
Space Ghost: Yes you are.
Moltar: I am? Uh, well, what was I s'posed to do?
Space Ghost: Never mind, it's too late. The one they call Joey walks among us.
Moltar: He just wants a job.
Space Ghost: That's just what he wants you to think.
Moltar: Well, it's workin'. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Moltar, send in my first guest.
Moltar: (groans, throws lever. Monitor lowers with Michael Moore)
Space Ghost: Hi, Mike. Eh, sorry about all the trouble before. That punk was supposed to be banned from the premises.
Michael Moore: No no no, it's okay, I'm, you're fine. It just threw me, that's all.
Space Ghost: If you just... want to go back to bed, I'll understand.
Michael Moore: That's okay, that's okay. We can start again.
Space Ghost: From the top?
Michael Moore: Yes.
Space Ghost: Stop tape. (beat)
Michael Moore: Uh, Space Ghost, uh, (laughs) I think you might just have something, uh...
Space Ghost: And, roll tape. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Michael Moore!
Michael Moore: Uh, thanks for having me here, Space Ghost, it's, uh, it's really great.
Space Ghost: So Mike, have you ever actually watched my show?
Michael Moore: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: Really?
Michael Moore: All the time, every week, in fact.
Space Ghost: You're kidding!
Michael Moore: Of course I'm kidding. (laughs) I've never seen this show.
Space Ghost: What part do you like best?
Michael Moore: No no, you're not listening, Space Ghost, I've never seen this show.
Space Ghost: Do you prefer the comedy, or the interviews? Or both!
Michael Moore: No, no, Space Ghost, hello! Hello!
Space Ghost: I've seen all your stuff too.
Michael Moore: Okay, give me an example.
Space Ghost: Give you an example.
Michael Moore: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay. (beat) Now?
Michael Moore: Yes, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Do I have to?
Michael Moore: (points at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Alright, uh, I remember you were there...
Michael Moore: Mm hm.
Space Ghost: And you were talking to the man...
Michael Moore: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: The man, what was it, what... Rambo.
Michael Moore: No, no.
Space Ghost: And, there were these things...
Michael Moore: Things, uh, you haven't seen any of my stuff, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Seen all of it.
Michael Moore: Oh, oh, that, yeah, you know, out here, like in the real world, you know, like where we have only eight cable stations...
(At the bandstand)
Joey: (whispers) Excuse me. Zorak, sir.
Zorak: (grunts)
Joey: (whispers) Down here. Did you get a chance to read those scripts that I sent you?
Zorak: No! Go away.
Joey: (whispers) I'll just leave my résumé here for you.
Zorak: Get outta here!
Space Ghost: (notices) Joey!! (fires his power bands, Joey scurries out of the way, Zorak takes the blast instead)
Zorak: Aaaa!! (coughs)
Michael Moore: Zorak, how ya doin' over there?
Zorak: Hey, I'm bleeding.
Space Ghost: He's fine, Mike.
Michael Moore: Moltar is, uh, over there, hey, how ya doin', Moltar?
Moltar: I'm being exploited.
Space Ghost: He's fine too, Mike. Now, tell me more about Texas.
Moltar: Space Ghost is a monster. You should really blow the cover off this rathole.
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: Help me!
Space Ghost: Moltar, Michael doesn't want to hear about your silly personal problems.
Michael Moore: (laughs)
Space Ghost: He's much more interested in doing one of his irreverent docu-comedies about me. Right, Mike?
Michael Moore: Now, what am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to, follow you around, or, find out who your corporate owners are?
Space Ghost: Sure, follow me around. What do I care?
Michael Moore: So who are your corporate owners, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Well, it's complicated, but (taps cards) basically, I belong to God.
Michael Moore: Ohhhh.
Space Ghost: That's right, Mike, God owns me. He speaks to me through his subsidiary, Time-Warner.
Michael Moore: Yes, you know, they own Roger and Me.
Space Ghost: Uh, Roger and I, Mike.
Michael Moore: Yes, so we're sort of like corporate brethren here.
Space Ghost: Roger's your brother.
Michael Moore: (interlocks hands, raises eyebrows)
Space Ghost: Ohhhh, I get it.
Michael Moore: Let's say "hi" to all our friends at Time-Warner. (waves) (laughs)
Space Ghost: (waves) Hello, friends.
(In the commissary)
Joey: "I love beans?" You know, that song means so much to me.
Brak: Well, you know, I wrote that song while I was eatin' some beans.
Joey: That's awesome.
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: So Michael, what do you think of the Ghost Planet?
Michael Moore: It's, it's, it's, uh... I've, I've been in worse places.
Space Ghost: Name one.
Michael Moore: (laughs) Well, um, it's, it's a kid's show, isn't it?
Space Ghost: Actually, no. My audience is comprised largely of retired naval officers. Ahoy, gentlemen. I salute you. Mike, have you ever been to the Caspian Sea?
Michael Moore: No.
Space Ghost: Some people think it's a lake. But they're so wrong.
Zorak: It's a lake!
Space Ghost: It's a sea!
Zorak: It's a lake!
Space Ghost: It's a sea!
Zorak: What, ya been there?
Space Ghost: (beat) (glares at Zorak)
Zorak: (glares at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: It's a sea, Mike.
Michael Moore: Uh huh. And, and where are you actually put together, Space Ghost, like, who draws you?
Space Ghost: Oh... a bunch of guys.
Michael Moore: A bunch of guys, where at?
Space Ghost: Uh, some kids do it, somewhere. I'm, I'm not sure.
Michael Moore: Yeah, it probably, is this, is this animation done in the United States?
Space Ghost: Yeah, I think so. Is that part of Korea?
Michael Moore: No.
Space Ghost: They don't make much money, I know that. (laughs cruely)
(In the control room)
Joey: Hey, Moltar?
Moltar: What are you doin' here?
Joey: Would you mind if I just stood over here and watch you work?
Moltar: (sighs) Alright, but stay out of my way. I can't be distracted.
(Joey and Moltar watch Space Ghost from the control room monitor, Joey eats an apple)
Michael Moore: What's the budget on this show, anyways?
Space Ghost: Not much, I'll tell you that. Want to know why? I'll let you in on a little secret, Mike. I don't pay anybody! My staff here - they work for free! (laughs)
Michael Moore: Oh, really?
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah. My overhead from this show is virtually nothing, except for an occasional bowl of water and bucket of slop...
Moltar: (to Joey) Listen, I'm gonna take a nap. You stay here, and if anything goes wrong, run and get me.
Joey: Oh, you bet! You can count on me, sir. You just -
Moltar: Don't touch anything! (walks out of control room)
Joey: Thank you! (waves)
(In the studio)
Michael Moore: Well, yeah, I guess I'd like, I'd like to find out, uh, who put you up to this, who controls you. And basically, uh, you know, how you're treating your, uh, employees here.
Space Ghost: Oh, they're enslaved.
Michael Moore: Mm, okay.
Space Ghost: Oh, it's not the kind you're thinking of. This is the good kind.
Zorak: Lies! All of it!
Michael Moore: The bandleader over here isn't so sure about that.
Zorak: Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: What, Zorak?
Zorak: I need a five minute break.
Space Ghost: No breaks, get back to work!
Zorak: Then I'll need a spit trough.
Space Ghost: Sorry, we're over-budget as it is. My six week "Humor on the Rhine" junket nearly busted us.
Zorak: And how about a piano bench? I've been squattin' for four years!
Space Ghost: Sit down on your own time. I don't pay you to sit.
Zorak: You don't pay me at all!
Space Ghost: You'll get what I give you and like it! (to Mike) You see, Mike, here in space we're all equals. Except for Moltar and Zorak. Isn't that great? Want him to do anything for you, Mike? Shall he dance for your pleasure?
Zorak: (Zorak stares back in surprise)
Space Ghost: (blasts at Zorak's feet) Dance, mantis! Dance for Michael's pleasure!
Zorak: Ow! Hey, my foot! ow!
(In room marked "Edit C", Moltar lays on the floor, snoring, talking in his sleep)
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: (while blasting) Hey, Mike, aren't you impressed by my power over my lowly subordinates?
Michael Moore: Oh, come on. They're helping you do this show here.
Space Ghost: (finished blasting Zorak) Pffft. They're not worth the paper I line their filthy cages with.
Zorak: You make me sleep in my own debris!
Space Ghost: Excuse me. (casually walks over to the bandstand, and punches Zorak in the face, then walks back, humming to himself)
Zorak: Pfeh!
Michael Moore: You are down on him today!
Space Ghost: I'm down on him every day, Mike. He's morally bankrupt.
Michael Moore: He's, he's the glue that holds this show together here.
Space Ghost: Oh, please!
Michael Moore: The man, he gives and gives and gives for you. On this show.
Space Ghost: It's best not to make nice with Zorak. He'll eat you faster than a Swiss blacksmith at a corkboard convention.
Michael Moore: I prob-, I probably look like a month-long meal to him, don't I? (laughs) Stay away. (laughs)
(In control room, Joey is pressing various buttons)
Michael Moore: Uh oh. We just lost our camera. (Michael's image on monitor starts zooming in and out, in and out of focus)
Space Ghost: What's happening there? Moltar! Moltar!
(In control room)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Joey!
Joey: I'm sorry, sir, it'll never happen again.
Space Ghost: You got that straight, son. (blasts Joey, who crumples to the ground) Take that!
Moltar: (returns) Whoa! What's goin' on in here?
Space Ghost: Joey messed up my show. So I messed up his face.
Moltar: You didn't use your power bands on him, did you?
Space Ghost: Yeah. (laughs) Isn't that right, Joey?
(Joey is motionless)
Space Ghost: Joey?
Moltar: He doesn't look so good.
Space Ghost: I don't know, he looks okay to me. (nudges Joey's head with his foot) Big cry-baby. Get rid of him.
Moltar: You get rid of him.
Space Ghost: (sighs in disgust)
(In the Phantom Cruiser, Joey is slumped beside Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: This could cost me my career. (beat) Way to go, Joey!
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: Great show, everybody. See you next week. (laughs) I hate that guy.

GUEST STARMichael Moore
INTRODUCINGJoey Googeas"Joey"
WRITTEN BYPete Smith
EDITORSMark DavisTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
TECHNICAL DIRECTORTom Williams
LIGHTING DIRECTORRuss Thomas
CAMERAMelinda Nichols
AUDIODavid DycheKarin Weitzman
VIDEOJim Reeves
LIGHTING ASSISTSThomas BranchTony Newman
TELEPROMPTERDiane Dover
TAPERichard Rigdon
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSMatt LucasJohn OsletteDave Sillman
ON-LINE CONFORMJay BellissimoBob Woodhead
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
EDIT ASSISTWilem Madison
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSGus JordanMaya McClureMichael Lazzo
INTERNSMeagan ClarkAaron VandemarkKeith Warren Hill
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSKathy GrayTammy LeechCurling Flower SpacesSammy SosaPiano BoyBob Weir
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERJim Fortier
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 66 - "Curses"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:66
Title:Curses
Original Air Date:November 26, 1998
Guest Stars:Moby, Emo Philips, Shirley Manson

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting
(An old man tosses and turns in bed, moaning, as if having a nightmare)
(In a cave, Space Ghost faces Future Man)
Space Ghost: Sorry, Future Man, but I've used my reverse polarity ray to spoil your plans.
(Dramatic music, camera pans to Future Man)
Future Man: Not so fast, Space Clown! My time-space manipulator has assembled an army of invisible cavemen to block your reverse polarity ray.
(Dramatic music, camera pans to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: That's a neat trick, Future Fool, but my frequency demodulator re-routed your cave creeps to the Victorian era, where they will be mocked for their ill manners and crude mode of dress.
(Dramatic music, camera pans to Future Man)
Future Man: That's unlucky. I suspect my future's not so bright after all.
(Dramatic music, camera pans to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Yup.
(Dramatic music, camera pans to Future Man)
Future Man: That's all well and good, Space Dud, but I've saved the best for last! Take this! (nozzle begins to emit a cloud of gas)
Space Ghost: (walking toward Future Man) (coughs) It seems to be (coughs) some kind of (coughs) gas.
Future Man: (laughs) It is the ancient vapor of Kintavé, Space Goon. You will now be driven to feed off the flesh of humanoids to survive. (laughs)
Space Ghost: (coughs) Seriously? (coughs)
(Original "Space Ghost" cartoon title screen and theme, titled: "Space Ghost in The Curse of Kintavé")
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Greetings, I'm Space Ghost. My guests tonight include the symbol of man's epic struggle against a mysterious and complex universe, Moby! Plus, the very difficult to work into a show comic, Emo Philips!
Moltar: And, Richard Crenna, right?
Space Ghost: Uh, no, I, I put him my mouth and ate him.
Moltar: Ff! Really?
Space Ghost: Fff! Eh, I'm kiddin'. Richard had to go. He had an (belch voice) appointment. Eh, you know Richard.
Moltar: No, I don't know Richard.
Space Ghost: Oh, go grapple with your lever. Zorak, please play me to the desk, if you please.
(Zorak plays Space Ghost to the desk)
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk, makes long belch) Ooh, excuse me!
Moby: (on monitor) Hi.
Zorak: Biscuit!
Space Ghost: Not now.
Zorak: Biscuit!
Space Ghost: (scoots toward monitor) (to Moby) What do you want?
Moby: Well, my name's Moby, and I'm from New York City, where are you from?
Space Ghost: I'm from outer space, Moby. Home of the universe. (smile sparkles)
Zorak: Biscuit!
Moby: Are there any trouble spots in the universe, right now, that you can talk about?
Space Ghost: Yes. (beat)
Zorak: Biscuit!
Space Ghost: Sorry.
Moby: What did you think about, what was it, the Shoemaker-Levy comet that crashed into Jupiter?
Space Ghost: Shoemaker-Whatty?
Moby: The Shoemaker-Levy, it was, it was, uh, it was a three-stage comet that crashed into Jupiter.
Space Ghost: Wow.
Moby: Yeah, and they'd said that if a comet like that hit...
Space Ghost: Was that on a Tuesday? Because I think I had a guitar lesson that day.
Moby: Yeah, but you would think something like that, that's like being a, a policeman, and...
Space Ghost: Listen, I can't worry about every little snafu. I have celebrities to talk to! Like Moby!
Moby: Celebrities, huh? So celebrities are more important than the safety and well-being of...
Space Ghost: Nobody cares, Moby. (beat) Nobody cares. (beat) No one.
Moby: Are you sort of new to this interview process?
Space Ghost: I've been doing this for thousands of years, Moby.
Moby: Well, you can't tell.
Space Ghost: Oh! Well, thank you for the compliment.
Moby: It wasn't intended as one.
Space Ghost: Well, sometimes those are the best compliments of all.
Zorak: Biscuit!
Space Ghost: I'll tell ya, Moby, it sure hasn't felt like thousands of years. But I guess that's because on my planet, it's still only Tues-- Tuesday! My guitar lesson! (flies off)
(Sound of Space Ghost playing guitar badly in the background, the intro to the song "Roundabout" by the group "Yes")
Zorak: (sips coffee)
Moltar: (stares at his console, then leafs through a book)
(Sound of guitar being smashed)
Zorak: (stares wide-eyed)
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk)
Zorak: Hey! Biscuit! Biscuit!
Space Ghost: Not now!
Zorak: Stuff you!
Space Ghost: Stuff you too!
Moby: (smiles)
Space Ghost: Zorak's a villain, Moby.
Moby: And what about this lava character?
Space Ghost: Another villain.
Moby: So, if you're such a, if you're such a nice benign upstanding...
(A high-pitched tone builds, Space Ghost enters a trance, his eyes turn red)
Future Man: (in Space Ghost's mind) Feed of the flesh of humanoids to survive!
Moby: ... character, how come you surround yourself with so many miscreants?
Space Ghost: (sees everything red, hears Future Man's laughter) (stares at Moby's head) This guy's got a nice boney head.
Zorak: Eh... I reckon.
Moby: Um...
Space Ghost: I reckon that bucket's got some treats inside.
Moby: Are you a vegetarian?
Space Ghost: Not really. (flies straight up)
(Moby looks around for Space Ghost, who then materializes behind him in the monitor, and starts chewing on his back. Moltar and Zorak stare in shock, as Space ghost munches on Moby's head)
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk, monitor is now empty) (smacks his lips) Moltar, send out another tender celebrity for me to interview.
Moltar: You ate Moby!
Space Ghost: (belches) No I didn't!
Moltar: Y-, you sure about that?
Space Ghost: Am I sure? Moltar, I think I'd know if I ate a guest, okay? Now, send him out here, it'll be alright.
Moltar: (beat) Huh... (throws lever, title card appears on monitor:
Space Ghost Coast to CoastTWEENERSCUT 15"NOTHING GOIN ON":1527 MAY 98
(followed by shot of somebody petting a cat, with "Coming in August" title card)
(Emo Philips appears on monitor)
Moltar: Um... watch yourself out there. Space Ghost is acting kinda funny. (monitor momentarily shows Moltar watching the monitor)
Emo Philips: (makes strange gestures and faces)
Moltar: You know what? Forget what I just said. Go out there and have fun with it. (throws lever, sending Emo to the studio monitor) Dead man walkin'. (laughs)
Emo Philips: Hello, universe?
Space Ghost: Welcome to my show, Emo. How do you like deep space?
Emo Philips: I like outer space. In outer space, no one can hear the audience scream.
Space Ghost: Emo, you're uncommonly funny. Where do you get your humorous ideas?
Emo Philips: I've found... You could often find humor, just by turning something upside down. Like a small child.
Space Ghost: Once again, very witty, Emo. My compliments to you.
Emo Philips: Zorak? Zorak, you're an intelligent being, do you like riddles?
Zorak: Stuff you!
Emo Philips: I'd rather do a riddle.
Space Ghost: (belches several times)
Emo Philips: What's green, obnoxious, plays the keyboard...
Zorak: Zorak do!
Emo Philips: Don't give it away.
Space Ghost: (belch-speaks something)
Emo Philips: And... (flails his arms) Oh, forget it.
Space Ghost: (eyes turn red again) Eatmo, have you ever considered slathering yourself in hot honey mustard sauce?
Emo Philips: It hasn't come up yet...
Space Ghost: (starts growling)
Emo Philips: ... as opposed to the breakfast you guys provided for me.
Space Ghost: I noticed you didn't finish your stuffing. I'm very disappointed.
Emo Philips: Oh...
Space Ghost: Why don't you finish it now? I left the bowl down by your, uh... (Emo looks down) That's a boy... And the butter, don't for-. There you go. (flies straight up, appears on monitor in front of Emo) Greetings, citizen! (Future Man's laughter in his mind)
Moltar: What the...
Zorak: Yeah!
Space Ghost: (bites on Emo's chest, Emo swoons)
Zorak: (belches) ... baby!
Space Ghost: (bounds back to his desk, monitor is again empty)
Zorak: What's that... schmeg on your face?
Space Ghost: (belches, Emo's voice says "Where is the restroom")
Zorak: (stares wide-eyed) Huh?
Space Ghost: Any more guests?
Moltar: Well, I got somebody on stand-by, but... (throws lever, Shirley Manson appears in corner of monitor) ... I don't know...
Space Ghost: Send 'em out! It'll be alright.
Moltar: Awright... (throws lever again, sends Shirley to studio monitor)
Space Ghost: (eyes are red again, groans)
Shirley Manson: (smiles)
Space Ghost: (groans more, then eyes return to normal) Uh, do you have anyone thicker?
Moltar: Haven't you had enough, Space Ghost? (throws lever, Shirley fades from monitor)
Space Ghost: More guests! More guests now!
Moltar: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Bring me more guests!
Moltar: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: More guests!
Moltar: You're out of control!
Space Ghost: More guests!
Moltar: You have a problem.
Space Ghost: I'll tell you the problem. The problem is the crummy service in this place! (burps) I'm never eating here again! Come on, Zorak, we're leaving!
Moltar: You need help.
Zorak: Butt out, Moltar.
Space Ghost: Yeah, butt out, Moltar!
Moltar: (groans)
Space Ghost: I can stop anytime I want.
Moltar: Yeah? How about now?
Space Ghost: Fine!! (sits quietly at his desk, taps his cards several times) (moans to himself) (taps cards faster and faster until they catch fire) Mmmm... (turns and looks at Zorak, as his eyes turn red again; more laughter from Future Man in his mind)
Zorak: Stop lookin' at me.
Space Ghost: (still staring at Zorak) I'll need some tools...
Zorak: I don't think I'd taste very good.
Space Ghost: ... to crack the shell.
Zorak: (wide eyed) Crack the shell?
Space Ghost: Pinch the tail...
Zorak: Ah, you don't wanna do that.
Space Ghost: Suck.. the head...
Zorak: I, I don't bathe, I carry many diseases, I, uh...
Space Ghost: (stands) Pinch the tail, suck the head, use the vest for a napkin, throw away the eyes. (flies over to Zorak's pod)
(Moltar watches Space Ghost descend into Zorak's pod, feet in air)
Zorak: No! Naaa!!! Na...
Moltar: Aw, shoot.
Space Ghost: (emerging from Zorak's pod) Moltar... You're looking rather (belches) plump today.
Moltar: (turns from monitor, clears throat) I'm outta here. (starts walking away)
Space Ghost: (invisos to control room, Shirley looks on from monitor) (burps) Hold it, boy.
Moltar: You don't want me. I'll burn the roof of your mouth.
Space Ghost: Not if I blow on you.
Moltar: Aren't you full?
Space Ghost: I'll make room.
Moltar: No, no, no!!
Space Ghost: (leaps on Moltar, they struggle off camera as Shirley watches. He reappears holding Moltar) (to Shirley) You want some?
Shirley Manson: No, I'm not into that kind of thing.
Space Ghost: Suit yourself. (disappears off screen again with Moltar, with Future Man's laughter in his head)
(Suddenly, Kirk the Storyteller sits up in his bed, wearing a nightcap)
Kirk the Storyteller: Whoa! I just had the most horrible dream, in space!
(Credits roll)
Zorak: (far away) Please bring me some juice.

GUEST STARSMobyEmo PhilipsShirley Manson
SPECIAL APPEARANCE BYJames Kirkconnellas Kirk the Storyteller
WRITTEN BYPete Smith
EDITORSJon SchneppTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave Willis
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL COMPOSITORSDave SillmanButch Seibert
ON-LINE CONFORMBob Woodhead
EDIT ASSISTSWil MadisonReid Jacobson
KIRK THE STORYTELLER'S NIGHTMARE VIDEOGRAPHERNarinda Channa
LIGHTING & TECHNICAL DIRECTORHughes Cormier
MAKEUP ARTISTKim Truax
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSMaya McClureMichael Lazzo
INTERNSKeith HillAaron VandemarkMeagan Clark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSPeter JacksonLori BaldwinSouthside JohnnyMark DavisGarbageAlmo Sounds
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
LINE PRODUCERGreg Harrison
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Episode 67 - "Intense Patriotism"

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Episode:67
Title:Intense Patriotism
Original Air Date:December 3, 1998
Guest Star:Jeff Foxworthy

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting (with dog barking)
(shot of Earth from space, the Ghost Planet approaches)
(Space Ghost stands in the darkened studio, watching Earth as they approach)
Space Ghost: Open wide, Lady Liberty. Because Space Ghost is coming to America! Today!
(Opening theme & titles, which transitions to "Stars & Stripes Forever")
Space Ghost: Heh, "open wide", that's gonna slide right by the censors.
Voice: Lady Liberty's not a real person.
Space Ghost: Um...
Voice: It's a philosophy.
Space Ghost: Ah...
Voice: Let's try that just one more time, all the way through.
Space Ghost: "Space Ghost is coming to America"? Is that the idea here?
Voice: And Space Ghost is about to inviso in.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Space Ghost: Because...
Space Ghost: Sorry.
Voice: Lovin' this.
Voice: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Oh, shut up.
Voice: Uh...
Voice: Um...
Space Ghost: Max, it's nothin' personal, but...
Voice: You wanna take five, you know...
Space Ghost: No, we're fine, we're fine, we're fine, let's just go. (feedback squeal) (sighs)
Space Ghost: Good morning America, how are you? Don't you know me, I'm your native son Space Ghost.
Moltar: Whoa! Looks like we're movin'!
Space Ghost: We are moving, Moltar. To America!
Moltar: And, uh, why are we doin' that?
Space Ghost: Because all the successful superheroes live in America.
Moltar: Okay...
Space Ghost: It's really the only thing that keeps me from being the next Superman.
Moltar: Are you faster than a speeding bullet?
Space Ghost: Well... no, but...
Moltar: Are you able to leap tall buildings with...
Space Ghost: Moltar, that's not the point. Americaners don't trust foreigners. Especially when they don't live there. That stuff about the melting pond...
Moltar: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Heh, it hasn't melted. That's a pantload.
Zorak: (hunched down in his pod) Hey, anybody got a magazine?
Space Ghost: Zorak, what are you doing?
Zorak: Oh, just, uh... droppin' the kids off at the pool. (laughs)
Space Ghost: You don't have kids.
Zorak: (laughs) I do now. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Well, congratulations?
Zorak: Yeah, twins! (laughs)
Moltar: (reading book titled "Perfidy for Dummies") Well, I ain't goin' to America. They extradite. Most uncool.
Space Ghost: Fine, Zorak and I will go to America, and you can just go back to Russia!
Moltar: Fine! (walks away from console)
Space Ghost: W-w-wait! B-b-before you go, uh.. is there anything you can do to make this set a little more patriotic?
Moltar: (walks back to console) I ain't no commie!
Space Ghost: Huh?
Moltar: Try this. (throws lever)
Space Ghost: Ow! Ow ow ow ow ow! Don't hit the wrong button. That puts a weird tone in my head.
Moltar: (laughs) Sorry. Try this. (set is redecorated in stars & stripes motif, with patriotic background music)
Space Ghost: Yeah! Lovin' this!
Moltar: This is just a shareware demo. It'll cost fourteen million to actually install.
Space Ghost: These are the colors of my forefathers, Moltar. The men who laid down their lives so that I can have my outer space talk show. (picture of Mount Rushmore, with Space Ghost's face in place of Teddy Roosevelt's) I think it's worth it.
Moltar: You got fourteen million?
Space Ghost: I was hoping to sign for it.
Moltar: (laughs) No. (throws lever, decorations disappear and music stops)
Space Ghost: Everything's free in America, Moltar.
Zorak: It's a free country?
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak. (waving flag appears behind Space Ghost, patriotic music plays in background) It's the land of the free, and the home of the free.
Zorak: So I get to go free?
Space Ghost: No. (flag disappears, music stops) Now play me to the desk or I'm puttin' you in the box.
Zorak: (wide eyed) (whispers) The box?
Space Ghost: That's right. The box.
Zorak: (plays Space Ghost to the desk with "When Johnny Comes Marching Home")
Space Ghost: (invisos to desk) Moltar, give me Jeff Foxworthy, or give me death!
Moltar: Uh... do I get to pick?
Space Ghost: You want to go in the box too? Huh?
Moltar: No, no, no. Here's, uh, the redneck. (throws lever) Ugly American.
(monitor lowers from ceiling with Jeff)
Space Ghost: Greetings Jeff, welcome to America's fifty-first state, Ghostlahoma.
Jeff Foxworthy: Thanks, nice to be here.
Space Ghost: The spherical state.
Jeff Foxworthy: Uh huh, yeah.
Space Ghost: Do you know who I am?
Jeff Foxworthy: I, I've seen you, you know, like, when I'm flippin' channels late at night, but I've never really been interested enough to stop.
Space Ghost: I am United States Ghost, Jeff.
Jeff Foxworthy: (laughs)
Space Ghost: America's most patriotic action hero.
Jeff Foxworthy: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Please rise and join me in the Pledge of Allegiance. (stands)
Moltar: I don't wanna be an American! They'll discriminate against me because of my... my metal skin.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Well, who wouldn't, you red outcast?
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I mean, look at you! You're a garbage can that talks! Look at you! (laughs) Were it me, I would not enter public.
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Now, show old Larry some respect and take off that helmet.
Zorak: (reading a paper) I pledge allegiance...
Space Ghost: Can't hear you.
Zorak: ... to the flag...
Space Ghost: I totally can't hear you.
Zorak: (looks up, louder) I pledge allegiance...
Space Ghost: There you go.
All: (not in unison) I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. And to the Republic for which it stands, one nation... (beat)
Zorak: One nation...
All: ... under God, with liberty and justice...
Jeff Foxworthy: There's an "indivisible".
Zorak: ... indivisible...
Space Ghost: Yeah, well, I didn't see it. Let's see... (holds up paper) ... for which it stands, one nation under God...
Zorak: ... indivisible...
Space Ghost: ... under God, indivisible, right?
All: ... indivisible, with liberty and justice for all, but Zorak and Moltar.
Space Ghost: Play ball! (laughs)
Jeff Foxworthy: (sits down, laughing)
(Bright light washes out the screen)
Space Ghost: Helmet on, Moltar! (light dies down)
Zorak: So, uh, how 'bout my freedom, huh?
Space Ghost: (beat) So, Jeff, have any trouble finding the place?
Zorak: (while Space Ghost and Jeff are speaking) Hey! Hey!! Where's my freedom?!
Jeff Foxworthy: Yeah, well, it was kinda weird, I was comin' down the interstate, and, uh, hit the exit goin' pretty fast, (laughs) and, got airborne, and (shrugs) I'm here.
Space Ghost: (sarcastic) Good one, Jeff. What'd ya take, the mighty Space Shuttle?
Jeff Foxworthy: Uh, I drove.
Space Ghost: You drove, huh?
Jeff Foxworthy: Well, uh...
Space Ghost: Listen, Jeff, I don't like when people patronize me. Moltar, harvest his skin.
Moltar: Right on! I was hopin' you'd say that! Hang on, I'll get the peeler. (walks out of control room)
Jeff Foxworthy: (looks around in disgust, puts his hand on his brow)
Space Ghost: Nah, I'm just kiddin', Jeff.
Moltar: (standing by Space Ghost's desk) Alright, I got it.
Space Ghost: (aside) Put the peeler away, Moltar.
Moltar: Oh, come on!
Space Ghost: No, no. United States Ghost does not believe in cruel and unusual punishment.
Moltar: It'll just take a second. Just (whish whish whish whish) ...
Space Ghost: (in friendly voice) Moltar! Put the peeler away, or I'm going to rip off your arm and beat you with it. So Jeff, what brings you out to our...
Moltar: (slaps down paper on Space Ghost's desk) (quietly) I have a picture of you... buddy. (growls, then stomps off stage)
Space Ghost: (nervously) Uh, er, so Jeff, what, um, brings you out to our neck of the universe?
Jeff Foxworthy: Uh, this particular trip, I'm just out here to do your show, and then I've gotta go back to, to Earth and pick up my kids at school.
Space Ghost: Zorak has kids. Twins, right?
Zorak: Zorak lost count. (evil laugh)
Jeff Foxworthy: Do you ever go into the schools and, like, talk to the kids?
Space Ghost: Sure, whatever.
Jeff Foxworthy: About...?
Space Ghost: (scribbling) Oh, you know. Politics, horses...
Jeff Foxworthy: Politics and horses?
Space Ghost: (looking at his card) Alcoholism...
Jeff Foxworthy: Do kids like you?
Space Ghost: (beat) I bet Zorak's kids would like me.
Zorak: Well, come on over. (Space Ghost walks over to Zorak's pod) I'll introduce ya.
Space Ghost: Hi gang, your dad bring you into work today? (looks down into a pool of water)
Zorak: Oh, it's that awkward stage.
Space Ghost: Uh huh.(to 'kids') Hey, champ! (to Zorak) They seem to be very strong swimmers.
Zorak: You wanna hold one?
Space Ghost: Uh, no thank you. You know, kids, your father might not always tell you this, but he loves you very much.
Zorak: Say goodbye, kids. (Zorak flushes the 'kids')
Space Ghost: Zorak, no!
Zorak: (evil laughter)
Space Ghost: Swim, kids, swim! No, the other way, against the current!
Zorak: (more evil laughter)
Space Ghost: You're a bad father. (blasts Zorak right through wall into Moltar's control room)
Jeff Foxworthy: You know that the, the people that work here, and I probably should not say this on the air, told me that you weren't right...
Space Ghost: Who said that, Moltar and Zorak? They work for me.
Jeff Foxworthy: I know, I know, though, we all know that they work for you, because you bring this up every single week...
Space Ghost: I don't think you understand, Jeff. They.. work.. for me.
Zorak: I'm freelance!
Space Ghost: You work for me!
Jeff Foxworthy: Yeah, there's a guy that comes and cuts my grass every Thursday, but I don't meet him out there on the lawn going, "You work for me!"
Space Ghost: Yeah, well... I have my own TV show.
Jeff Foxworthy: Listen, listen. I had my own show, that doesn't mean that it's good, okay?
Space Ghost: But the difference between your show and my show, is that mine is still on. ('Pomp and Circumstance' begins to play in background) You see, Jeff, this show is a serious program, about serious issues, that face serious everyday Americans. (shot of Zorak playing the keyboard) Their giant piano-playing mantises. Zorak... (music stops) Now Jeff, you claim to be an authority on (reading his card) red necks. Yet I notice that your neck is strangely pale.
Jeff Foxworthy: I, well, it's, my definition of redneck has always been, a glorious absence of sophistication.
Space Ghost: So, I might be a redneck.
Jeff Foxworthy: Well, that's, that's, that's the joke, is it, you might be.
Space Ghost: But, I've never seen my neck.
Jeff Foxworthy: It has nothing to do...
Space Ghost: How do I know what color it is?
Jeff Foxworthy: I, I just told you, the definition is, is an absence of sophistication, it has nothing to do with the color of somebody's neck.
Space Ghost: Why don't you just say, "You know you have an absence of sophistication when..."?
Jeff Foxworthy: Because it's not funny. (beat) See, that's, they're jokes, I'm a comedian, that's...
Space Ghost: Moltar's red, but he doesn't have a neck. (beat)
Jeff Foxworthy: You understand jokes, right?
Space Ghost: Yeah.
(Set starts to shake and creak)
Zorak: Hey! Where're we lookin' to park this pig?
Space Ghost: Dothan.
Zorak: Oh yeah? Well, I'm gonna run naked in the streets of Dothan.
Space Ghost: You're not gonna run naked in the...
Zorak: I'm gonna run naked in the streets of Dothan!
Space Ghost: You're not gonna run naked in the streets of Dothan!
Zorak: C'mon! You said it was a free country!
Space Ghost: (waving flag in background, with patriotic music) With freedom comes responsibility.
Zorak: With freedom comes nudity! (Space Ghost aims his power bands) Hey, I'm an American! I have rights!
Space Ghost: Tell it to the judge. (blasts Zorak) Jeff, you're an American, what is it with you Americans and your obsession with barrels?
Jeff Foxworthy: You know, I have, I have to tell you, I've done a, a lot of talk shows, and these are... these are the stupidest questions that I have ever been asked.
Space Ghost: Don't look at me.
Jeff Foxworthy: Do you guys do any research or anything about the guest? It just... they're insane questions.
Space Ghost: No, I'll tell you what's insane. (waving flag in background, with patriotic music again) Using la- (looks up distracted by the music; it stops, flag goes away also) Using laser beams for optometry. You call that progress? Ha!
Jeff Foxworthy: Well see, that would, that would, that would make perfect...
Space Ghost: Ah, your culture's primitive.
Jeff Foxworthy: (shrugs and sighs)
Space Ghost: Moltar, put Jeff in the box.
Jeff Foxworthy: But... (Jeff fades from screen)
(Entire set starts shaking, with rumbling noise)
Space Ghost: Turbulence.
(Shot of Ghost Planet orbiting Earth, entering atmosphere to land)
Space Ghost: Prepare... for... touchdown!
(Ghost Planet plummets over a desert and lands)
(In control room, floor is tilted, Moltar gets up)
Moltar: Where are we? (throws lever, sees Mexican village scene with mariachi music in background) Is this it?
(Exterior shot of Ghost Planet at the end of a huge rut, next to a town)
Moltar: Is this where we're goin'?
Space Ghost: (stretches and takes a deep breath. "Welcome to Tijuana" sign outside his studio window) Finally, I'm getting enough oxygen.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar are holding hands outside, looking at the United States border inspection station)
Space Ghost: Just let me do the talking, okay?
Zorak: I wanna go to ????
Space Ghost: Shush!
(Credits roll, with mariachi music still playing)
Space Ghost: You boys know anyone at William Morris?
Voice: The agents, you mean?
Space Ghost: Yeah. I actual, no, I actually got a good referral, but, but, uh, you know, yeah, we'll talk about it later. (BEAT) They don't return calls, do they?
Voice: ????
Space Ghost: I'm sorry?

GUEST STARJeff Foxworthy
WRITTEN BYDave Willis
EDITORSMichael CahillTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerMatt HarriganDave Willis
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ON-LINE CONFORMBret Langefels
EDIT ASSISTJames Dansereau
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
PRODUCTION COORDINATORAnne Susan Brown
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSMaya McClureNatali Tesche-RicciardiMichael Lazzo
INTERNSAaron VandemarkKeith HillMeagan Clark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSPeter SiaggisLori ErwinButch SeibertMatt LabovEric Wachtman
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERMichael Cahill
PRODUCERJim Fortier
PRODUCERPete Smith
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Waiting for Edward

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Waiting for Edward
Original Air Date:December 24, 1998
Guest Star:Denis Leary

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Waiting (for a really really long time)
(Zorak is riding on Space Ghost's shoulders)
Zorak: Yah! Yah!
Space Ghost: Hang on, Zorak, hang -
Waiting (again briefly)
(In control room, Moltar throws the lever, a black and white photo of a bald man wearing a tie appears on monitor, followed by a test pattern with a "7", followed by Denis Leary)
Denis Leary: Moltar, how are ya?
Moltar: This is how I am, Denis. (pulls lever) I'm destroying the planet. (klaxon siren in background)
Denis Leary: Get outta here.
Moltar: Yeah. And I'm havin' a sale, too.
Voice: Seven minutes, twenty seven seconds until total devastation.
Moltar: Whattya think about that?
Denis Leary: Now you, you overstep your, your boundaries when it comes to power.
Moltar: How about a free kick in the throat?
Denis Leary: See what I'm saying?
Moltar: (throws lever, sends Denis to the studio monitor) Bah! (laughs)
Space Ghost: (invisos in to control room) Moltar, are you trying to destroy the - Oooh! Are you having another Total Devastation sale? (looks at sign:)
TotalDevastationSALE!!Take an additional 30%off all men's outerwear!
Moltar: Yup! Everything must go.
Space Ghost: I don't have any money! (punches Moltar in the face)
(Moltar and Space Ghost proceed to punch each other rock'em sock'em style)
(In the studio; Denis is already on the monitor)
Zorak: Wow! Denis Leary! I've seen all your movies!
Denis Leary: Thank you, thank you.
Zorak: I didn't think they were very good. (Beat) What'd you think?
(In the control room; Space Ghost is lying on the floor, Moltar is standing on his back)
Space Ghost: Ooh! Get off my back!
Moltar: (laughs, hops onto his head) Ooh, sorry! (laughs)
Space Ghost: My head! This is going in your file! (invisos out, Moltar drops to the floor)
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Hello! I'm Space Ghost!
Zorak: And I'm Zorak.
Space Ghost: Nobody cares who you are, Zorak.
Zorak: (BEAT) Man, you're wrong about that.
Space Ghost: (Beat) Okay, okay, everybody pipe down. Guest is here, it's interview time. (invisos to desk while Zorak plays cheesy funky organ music; Space Ghost plays with his inviso control, fading in and out for about fifteen seconds, until music stops)
Space Ghost: I like that that happened. (Beat) I'm gonna do that again. (Music starts again, Space Ghost resumes invisoing in and out) (moans) Denis...
Denis Leary: Hi, how are ya?
Space Ghost: (still invisoing in and out) Good, good, and you?
Denis Leary: Oh, okay, good.
Space Ghost: Mmmm. (finally finishes invisoing in) (sighs) Ah, there we are. Denis, are you a leprechaun?
Denis Leary: No, there's no such thing as leprechauns. (sips water)
Space Ghost: Oh, yeah, yeah, I was gonna say.
Denis Leary: Mm hm.
Space Ghost: (looks at his card) Okay then... well, that's all I got. We done here?
Zorak: (NODS)
Denis Leary: Uh, I have one question for you, have you ever thought of taking a vacation and - (Space Ghost is walking towards Zorak's pod) You're not listenin'.
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) Say, what's this thing?
Zorak: Don't touch it, it's mine!
Space Ghost: When did you get this?
Zorak: I've had it.
Space Ghost: (presses a keyboard key, a riff plays) You didn't tell me this was a synthesizer! (plays a few other keys) It has samples! Hey, get out of there, scoot over!
Zorak: Hey, quit, quit shovin'!
Space Ghost: Mine! My turn!
Zorak: Jerk!
Space Ghost: (sitting in pod; he sings his lines while he plays a melody on the keyboard) 'Hey Denis, what brings you to these parts?'
Denis Leary: Uhhhh... you asked me to appear on the show, so I -
Space Ghost: I did? Oh yeah! (sings and plays) 'I did, didn't I?'
Denis Leary: I'm actually doing this as a sort of a, uh, a payback for my kids, 'cause they're big fans of your show. I don't really watch the show, and I'm not really a big fan, I don't think you're that funny, quite frankly.
Space Ghost: (sings and plays) 'Not that funny, eh?'
Denis Leary: Well, my kids watch the show, so I'm on the show 'cause it'll please my kids.
Space Ghost: (sings and plays) 'So the feelings of your stupid kids are more important than mine.'
Denis Leary: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (stops playing, walks over to studio monitor) Who do you think you are?
Denis Leary: I think the universe knows who I am, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Then who do you think the universe knows I am, Denis?
Denis Leary: Space Ghost, and I'm Denis Leary, of course. Master of the universe.
Space Ghost: (sitting at desk) (laughs) Master?! I know one or two guys who might disagree with you. (whispers) Master!
Denis Leary: Like who?
Space Ghost: Yoda.
Denis Leary: Okay, who else, on the list?
Space Ghost: (Beat) Star wars.
Denis Leary: Okay, so let's say that I'm, uh... master of the -
Space Ghost: You're sure you're not a leprechaun?
Denis Leary: (Beat) I'm too tall to be a leprechaun.
Space Ghost: Okay, okay. 'Cause I was gonna say, you're the worst leprechaun that we've ever had on the show.
Denis Leary: Look, look, here's the bottom line...
Space Ghost: Ho- hold on. (flies off)
Denis Leary: (to Zorak) You have Madonna's new album?
Zorak: (hisses)
Denis Leary: Somebody's buyin' it.
(In the control room, Lokar is on Moltar's monitor)
Lokar: Have you any dangerously sequinned hot pants?
Moltar: Um... no.
Lokar: Perchance a scented thong?
Moltar: I have some underwear that's scented, but... I don't think it's what you're lookin' for.
Lokar: Oh... gorgeous!
(In the studio, Space Ghost bounds back to his chair, sporting a crude drawn-on mustache)
Space Ghost: (whispers) Hey, Denis! (normal Voice) Notice anything... different?
Denis Leary: Nope.
Space Ghost: About my face?
Denis Leary: We don't really care.
Space Ghost: Hey, Zorak.
Zorak: (sporting a toucan beak)
Space Ghost: (Beat) (sighs) Anybody else have any questions for Denis? (Beat) Anyone? Anyone? (mustache is gone) Anyone?
Moltar: (marches out, slams cards down on Space Ghost's desk) Try this one.
Space Ghost: (reading card) "Nice jacket Fonzie." (to Moltar) And you want me to say this?
Moltar: (nods)
Space Ghost: Out loud. To Denis.
Moltar: Go on.
Space Ghost: I don't think so.
Moltar: (groans in disgust) Sit on it! (walks off stage)
Denis Leary: Hey, lay off.
Space Ghost: That's my arch-enemy, Denis.
Denis Leary: Mm hm.
Space Ghost: Who are your arch-enemies? And don't say me.
Denis Leary: You.
Space Ghost: (does spit take on camera lens; audience laughs) Me?! (spits again, audience laughs again) Me?!?! (laughs) One more... (spits again, this time it's blood; audience gasps) Uh oh. (gulps)
Denis Leary: Aside from you, uh... Dr. Katz, another animated figure.
Space Ghost: Why don't you just launch him into the deep recesses of space?
Denis Leary: If I could.
Space Ghost: Oh, that's right, you're a smoker.
Denis Leary: Who's the last person you, you've launched into the deep recesses of... of space?
Space Ghost: My friend Edward.
Denis Leary: Why couldn't you do that with, say, Celine Dion?
Space Ghost: Oh no, I don't think Edward would approve of that.
Denis Leary: Not extremely powerful, I must say. (sips water)
Space Ghost: (Beat) I beat up Charlton Heston once.
Denis Leary: When?
Space Ghost: Over the holidays.
Denis Leary: In your one-dimensional world, you beat up Charlton Heston.
Space Ghost: Yeah, I hit him over the head with some books.
Denis Leary: So, you're actually bragging about beating up a man who must be in his late eighties, is that correct?
Space Ghost: Uh, late eighties, early nineties.
(In the control room, Brak is on Moltar's monitor)
Brak: You have any farmer stuff?
Moltar: No.
Brak: You have any astronaut stuff?
Moltar: Uh...
Brak: You have any melba toast? 'Cause that's what I want.
Moltar: (trying to break in) I got - (sighs)
Brak: I'd also like an army of rabbits, some tar, a glass hat, a book about lightning, a magical fortress made of rainbows...
Moltar: (trying to interrupt) Brak... Brak... Brak!!!
Brak: Yes?
Moltar: How're you gonna pay for all this?
Brak: With rocks.
Moltar: (shouts) I hope you die before your wedding!
Brak: What? I'm not gettin' mar- (Moltar throws lever, sending him away)
(In the studio)
Space Ghost: I guess my greatest fear would be to find myself hopelessly attracted to one of my coworkers.
(Camera zooms back to show Zorak sitting on Space Ghost's lap)
Space Ghost: What are you doing?
Zorak: That'll be ten dollars.
Space Ghost: Get off!
Zorak: (bounds away) You can owe me.
Space Ghost: Denis, what's your greatest fear?
Denis Leary: Probably, having to have my own... show on prime cable.
Space Ghost: Hey, do you wanna move in with me?
Denis Leary: No thank you.
Space Ghost: Well, then how would you like to help out around the set?
Denis Leary: Naw, that's okay.
Space Ghost: You sure?
Denis Leary: Yep!
Space Ghost: Maybe you could overcome your fears.
Denis Leary: I really have a packed schedule.
Space Ghost: We've got some exclusive interviews coming up.
Denis Leary: Yeah, I've got - with who?
Space Ghost: (Beat) My friend Edward.
Denis Leary: Yeah? And who else?
Space Ghost: Um...
Zorak: Denis Leary.
Space Ghost: That's right, Denis Leary, thank you Zorak.
Denis Leary: Mm hm.
Zorak: You can owe me.
Space Ghost: Lots of big names.
Denis Leary: Yup.
Space Ghost: Big stuff going on here. (taps cards)
Zorak: Hey! Weren't we supposed to blow -
(BLAM!!!!!)
(Music starts, then slows down and stops)
Later... at camp
(Four kids are sitting on the ground in a field, Space Ghost stands in their midst)
Space Ghost: And so, kids, that's the story of how I saved Christmas. (angrily) Now get back to work, ya fat humps!!

WAITING FOR EDWARD100 SERIES
GUEST STARDenis Leary
SPECIAL APPEARANCE BYThe Cartoon Gang
WRITTEN BYMatt HarriganMatthew MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSMark DavisTom Roche
MUSICSonny SharrockMan...or Astro-Man?The Jim Fortier Project
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda GeraldMan...or Astro-Man?Jim Fortier
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillCheryl Barbour
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
MUSTACHE BYMatt's of Midtown
ON-LINE CONFORMBob Woodhead
EDIT ASSISTReid Jacobson
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
RE-RECORDING MIXERBobby Tate
AUDIO SWEETENINGRoy Clements
AUDIO CONFORMMark Coddington
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSMaya McClureNatali Tesche-RicciardiAnne Susan BrownMichael Lazzo
INTERNMeagan Clark
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SPECIAL THANKSClay CoxNegashi HarveyElijah KelleyDominique RobertsonKaili RubinChristmas
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
WEBSITE PRODUCERChip Duffey
ASSOCIATE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCERMatthew Maiellaro
PRODUCERPete Smith
PRODUCERDave Willis
SUPERVISING PRODUCERJim Fortier
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith Crofford

© 1998 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Chambraigne

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Chambraigne
Original Air Date:October 7, 1999
Guest Stars:Bob Costas, Al Roker

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Announcer over montage of a sunrise, flowers, a waterfall, a butterfly and a bear running)
Announcer: Is your hair as dull and lifeless as your brain? Didn't work start at 9? Where's your shirt? Did you even remember to wear it? I know you. I used to be you. Until I discovered Chambraigne.
(Video of Al Roker moves across screen)
Al Roker: Shampoo for your hair, and your brain!
Announcer: That's right, Al. And here's how it works.
(Animation of shampoo coating stomach)
Announcer: Other shampoos just work on your hair. But Chambraigne travels down each follicle and bores into your skull, depositing magical knowledge crystals.
TV's Al Roker: ("Heavy User"): Lather your way to a new intelligence.
(Chambraigne logo over video of man in toga putting on crown of leaves)
Announcer: With Chambraigne. The shampoo of kings. (Faster) Made by Carl and Sons. Continued use may result in limb Loss.
(Camera pulls back to reveal image on old-fashioned TV Screen)
Space Ghost: Finally, a product for me! I believe every word that man just said, because it's exactly what I wanted to hear.
(Time lapse - Space Ghost has lather on his hood and is surrounded by boxes of Chambraigne)
Space Ghost: Ha ha ha ha! I'm already smart enough to know this is working!
(Dramatic music, shot of small, glowing planet topped with a healthy head of hair, cut to ext. of Carl & Sons )
Voice: This is a proud day for Carl and Sons, son. (two brains hover in shadow)
Large brain: (Carl) We've sold enough Chambraigne to purchase this...television.
(Opening titles play on TV screen)
Small brain: (Son) (incoherent squeaking)
Carl: Yes, son. Fetch daddy's hard plastic eyes so he can see the TV.
(Son runs off screen, crashing noises are heard)
Carl: On the dresser! You are an imbecile!
(Space Ghost invisos onto set)
Space Ghost: Greetings! I'm Number One! And I got this way because I use Chambraigne! But what's "Chambraigne," Space Ghost? Well, let me tell you what Chambraigne is. Chambraigne is an "intelli-hancer." (trumpet)
Zorak: Man, you've been brainwashed!
Space Ghost: You're right it's a brain-wash! And it's good for your hair, too!
Moltar: Bob's here. (clears throat)
Space Ghost: Is this product for everyone, Space Ghost? (Laughs.) No, no, no. This product is not for everyone. Only for those who buy, and choose to use, the product.
Moltar: Bob's here.
Zorak: You know what I've always wanted to do? (Pause.) Have a Nerf war in a huge mansion!
Moltar: Bob's here!
Space Ghost: Oh, really? (pause). Chambraigne? I'll catch you on the flipside. (trumpet)
(Zorak plays dramatic music on keyboard as Space Ghost invisos to desk)
Bob Costas: Greetings, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Bob, for legal reasons beyond our control, and to honor the queen, identify yourself...to me...the king.
Bob Costas: Bob Costas, NBC Sports. Hello, universe.
Space Ghost: Now, when you say "Bob Costas," what do you mean by that?
Bob Costas: You know, it's...it's uh...(laughing) something I haven't given much thought to, actually.
Space Ghost: Well, I have. (pause) It's your name, Bob.
Bob Costas: Ye...Yeah.
Space Ghost: (thinking to himself) This shampoo is awesome!
Zorak: Hey! Bob! Look at me!
Bob Costas: Yeah?
Zorak: I'm burning a hole in your head with my Mind.
(Bob Costas looking confused)
Space Ghost: Ha ha! What a sticky wicket! Zorak's mind is obviously too small. He has no hair. He can't make use of Chambraigne. It's like the domino theory of stupidity. Isn't that obvious to Everyone?
(Space Ghost's right arm falls off)
Space Ghost: Oh dear.
Zorak: Hey, Bob! This Pete Rose thing. How does that guy not wind up in the Hall?
Bob Costas: It's a travesty.
Space Ghost: (Re-attaching arm) Okay. All right.
Zorak: Yeah, I mean 4,256 hits. Nobody's touchin' that record.
Bob Costas: Well, my favorite athlete as a kid growing up was Mickey Mantle. I grew up...
Space Ghost: Bob...
Bob Costas: ...in New York and the Yankees were the dominant...
Space Ghost: Bob! Bob!
Bob Costas: Well, you...you...
Space Ghost: Bob, that thing over there is a villain. He knows nothing. He's obviously trying to lure you into some sort of a sports death trap! So now, Bob, listen to my important question.
Bob Costas: Okay.
Space Ghost: What's the difference between a "boont" and a "poont"?
Bob Costas: A "bunt," first of all, would happen in baseball...
Space Ghost: Bob, hold on. We all know what a "bunt" is. We're talking about the "boont." The French "boont." Or English. Whatever.
Bob Costas: You know, I...
Space Ghost: You clearly have no idea what you're talking about you handsome, sophisticated, hyper-intelligent, svelte, well-read, sparkling, salty, olive-complected, full-head-of-haired Man!
(Pause)
Bob Costas: Well, you know you have to...
Space Ghost: I AM THE KING!
(Pause)
Bob Costas: Don't you feel special about that?
Space Ghost: (thinking to himself) Bob smells like a chili dog. And his hair is huge. Could he be using Chambraigne?
(Carl and Son watching Space Ghost on TV screen)
Space Ghost: (thinking to himself) Now with weiner scent?
Carl: There is no weiner scent, you hooded buffoon!
Son: (squeaking) Awww....
Carl: He's making a mockery of the product. You're making a mockery of the product!
Bob Costas: How mu...how much hair do you have, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: (with lather on hood) Oh, I don't know. Nine. Nine fat stalks.
Bob Costas: Well, why if...if, Space Ghost, if you weren't concerned about your own dome, why would you be so concerned and perhaps envious of those who have a full head of hair?
Space Ghost: Right.
Bob Costas: Right.
Space Ghost: Wanna see my brain?
Bob Costas: What's that?
Space Ghost: Moltar! Get out here and heat up my skull! Now this is something, Bob, you don't ever wanna do.
(Moltar blows lather off Space Ghost's hood)
Moltar: All right. This is gonna hurt. Bad.
Space Ghost: Right now Moltar is heating my skull up to a scorching 450 degrees. (Space Ghost's hood glows red) It's like getting a scalp massage...from Lucifer.
Bob Costas: It sounds dangerous. It sounds downright frightening.
Space Ghost: It is. You see, my brain's sending a message to my arms right now to put my head out. But I'm choosing to ignore that.
Bob Costas: Uh-huh. Hello, Moltar.
Moltar: Hi, Bob.
Space Ghost: Moltar, don't talk to the guests. Things get easier as your brain dies, Bob.
Bob Costas: I know.
Space Ghost: There she is, Bob. (trumpet swell, Space Ghost's brain shows through his hood all the way down to his neck) Brains!
Bob Costas: I'm impressed. I'm very impressed, Space Ghost. But then, I was impressed to begin with.
Space Ghost: You, uh, wanna know why I did this, Bob?
Bob Costas: Please.
Space Ghost: To prove a point. A point, Bob, which escapes me right now. I have to go stick my head in the lake.
(Cut to show on Carl and Son's TV. On screen, we see Space Ghost fly off set, then Bob Costas in Moltar's monitor)
Bob Costas: How sad was that?
(Cut to Carl and Son)
Carl: Sales will plummet! All because of this beef-witted Klingon!
Son: (squeaking) Oh, Daddy!
Carl: Fetch daddy's blue fright wig! I must be handsome when I unleash my rage.
(Son flies off screen, crashing sounds)
Carl: It's on the dresser, next to the keys! I've told you a million times!
(Cut back to Space Ghost set)
Zorak: Then, you know, it's been pretty much oozin' ever since. What do you think of that?
Bob Costas: It disgusts me.
Zorak: Me too. And I gotta live with it.
Bob Costas: Hmmm.
(Space Ghost flies back to desk)
Space Ghost: Moltar, flush the lake.
Moltar: We don't have a lake.
Space Ghost: Good work. Bob?
Bob Costas: Yes, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Bob...
Bob Costas: Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Hello.
Bob Costas: Hello, Space Ghost.
(Pause)
Space Ghost: I have one final question for you. As a carbon-based sex machine...
Zorak: Smooth-chested, no doubt.
Space Ghost: I was just gonna say that! It's amazing. We've been working together so long...
Zorak: We finish each other's sentences.
Space Ghost: Well, you know, it's like I always say...when I'm in the shower... (looks at Zorak, then sings) Shower time!! That's what I always say, Bob. When I'm showering.
(A blue-fright-wigged Carl and a baseball-cap-wearing Son start making their way to Ghost Planet)
Space Ghost: Now, Bob, I have one more final question for you. Do you have the freedom to wear comfortable, open-toed shoes?
Bob Costas: I could, yes.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Bob Costas: Yeah, I'd...actually, though, it's not advisable when doing a football game in Green Bay in December to wear sandals.
Space Ghost: Bob, everyone knows Green Bay is not in December. You obviously don't shampoo. Here's my final question, Bob.
Bob Costas: Oh yeah? I thought that was the last question.
Space Ghost: Who told ya that?
Bob Costas: All right, what is it?
Space Ghost: That was it.
(Bob Costas nods in frustration as Space Ghost's mouth grows to twice its size)
Space Ghost: Did you just call me a monkey? Huh?!
Bob Costas: I, Space Ghost, I didn't...
Space Ghost: Come on, big man. Come on!
Bob Costas: I, I'm not a man who believes...
Space Ghost: Come on, let's go!
Bob Costas: ...in violence, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Come on, Costas! Start somethin'!
Bob Costas: Nah.
Space Ghost: Yeah!
Bob Costas: Nah.
Space Ghost: You want a piece of me?
Bob Costas: Nah.
(Space Ghost sighs, then turns to Zorak)
Bob Costas: (announcing) Space Ghost, eyeing Zorak.
Zorak: What?
Bob Costas: Ready to deliver the knock-out blow.
Space Ghost: Come on, Zorak, start somethin'. Come on, you want a piece of the king?!
Bob Costas: One of his Archenemies.
(Talking over each other)
Space Ghost: The monkey king?!
Zorak: No.
Bob Costas: In his sights.
Zorak: No. Not really.
Space Ghost: What? Say that to my face.
Zorak: I didn't say anything!
(Space Ghost blasts Zorak)
Bob Costas: And he zaps him, zaps him but good.
Zorak: (flies down hallway)
Bob Costas: He's gone yard on Zorak. He's taken him deep. He's taken him over the boards.
Space Ghost: Put that in your pipe and smoke it! With your burned lips!
Bob Costas: It's a tape-measure blast of Zorak that ought to eliminate the little creep for the foreseeable future.
Zorak: (from hallway) I didn't do anything!
Space Ghost: You were driving away the fans.
Bob Costas: He was. He was asking for it. And all superheroes, all men of honor and virtue, only resort to violence...
Space Ghost: I didn't ask you, Bob.
Bob Costas: Sorry.
Space Ghost: "Sorry" is a word that knows no boundaries. Now kiss my ring.
Carl: SILENCE!!
Son: (incoherent squeaking)
Carl: (to SON:) Shut! Shut! If you had a neck and I had hands, I would squeeze your brain, which is your body, right out the top of your head, which does not exist!
Son: (remorseful squeaking)
Zorak: That's some great hair.
Carl: Thanks. It's not real.
Space Ghost: Welcome, fans.
Carl: We are far from fans. I am Carl. This is my son, Little Carl.
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Carl: We're from Carl and Son's. We are both Carls.
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Carl: (to Little Carl) Shut up! Shut up!
Space Ghost: Carl & Son's? What a coincidence! I buy my Chambraigne from them! It's shampoo for your brain.
Carl: Fool! We know what it is! We make it!
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Space Ghost: You're the inventors of the specially-patented formula for intelligence?
Carl: It's only dishwasher liquid, you over-inflated gasbag!
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Space Ghost: Uh-huh. And the knowledge crystals?
Carl: (Mimicking) "Uh-huh and the knowledge cryst--"? Aquarium gravel.
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Carl: (to Little Carl) SHUT!
Space Ghost: I, I don't care how you do it. I just know it's working for me!
Carl: It doesn't work! It's psychosomatic! It's a placebo!
Little Carl: (incoherent squeaking)
Space Ghost: Huh, those are big words. Maybe I should wash my hair again.
Carl: Noooo!! Can you not comprehend that your ignorance will cause me to explode now? Arrgghhh!!!
(Carl explodes)
(Space Ghost's right arm falls off as show pauses. Camera pans back to show Space Ghost teaching live-action class)
Space Ghost: Let's stop right there. If someone approached you about washing your hair, (Space Ghost's left arm falls off) what would you say to them? I'll tell you what you should say. You'd say, "Thanks, but no thanks. I don't need large brains to have a good time."
(Space Ghost continues over credits)
Space Ghost: You wanna be groovy, huh? You wanna fit in? Wanna go to the big dance? Wanna be the king? You'll be the fool! Shampoo will play you for the fool!
Female Voice: Okay, well, thank you for coming.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'm not done. I'm serious. These brains, they're out there. They're shining. With eyes of hard plastic. And blue hair. Blue as the night!

GUEST STARSAl RokerBob Costas
WRITTEN BYMatt MaieliaroDave WillisJim FortierPete Smith
PRODUCED BYMatt MaieliaroDave WillisJim FortierMichael Cahill
OFFLINE EDITJay Edwards
ONLINE EDITJay Bellissimo
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDavid BennettDave WillisJim FortierBonnie Rosmarin
PRODUCTION COORDINATORBonnie Rosmarin
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
NEW ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerEric WachtmanAndrew PopeButch Seibert
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
HEAD WRITERMatt Maieliaro
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDave Willis
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSMike LazzoKeith Crofford

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Snatch

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Snatch
Original Air Date:October 14, 1999
Guest Star:Steven Wright

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Black screen with legend in lower left corner:)
Friday11:04 p.m.
Steven Wright: (voiceover) My long lost father, finally you... (appears on-screen in guest monitor) you admit that you're my father.
Space Ghost: (with Steven Wright hair) Yeah, well, good luck proving it.
Moltar: Space Ghost! I'm pickin' up four unidentified heat sources on my monitor screen.
Space Ghost: Well, they're probably just creatures, Moltar. (pause) Space creatures.
Moltar: They just violated our air space.
Space Ghost: Bring me my monocle. I want to look rich.
Friday11:05 p.m.
Steven Wright: And that other father that they told me was my father, is he a stepfather or just a stranger posing...
Space Ghost: (reading magazine) Uh, I don't know. Have you seen this? (shows Wright Magazine)
Steven Wright: Wow.
Space Ghost: Yeah!
Steven Wright: Do you like human women?
Space Ghost: I like these twins.
Moltar: Here's an update on those flying, dangerous space creatures...
Space Ghost: Fill me in.
Moltar: They just entered the building through the loading dock.
Space Ghost: Really?
(Pause, goes back to reading magazine)
Friday11:09 p.m.
Steven Wright: Under these clothes I'm wearing, (a green pod is now in front of Space Ghost's desk) I'm wearing a ballerina outfit.
Space Ghost: Yeah. What's this pod doing here?
Zorak: Replicating.
Space Ghost: Replicating what?
Zorak: Uhhh....us.
(Dramatic sting music as camera cuts to various pods thoughout the set sitting next to Moltar, Zorak, Wright and Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Oh no! Replicating pods! The kind that keep you up all night with their coughing!
Moltar: No, the kind that copy your DNA, kill you off, and take over while you sleep!
Space Ghost: With their coughing.
Moltar: Ugh...did you hear what I just sai-?
Space Ghost: No one sleeps with my grandmother! Right?
Zorak: Right. (off camera) From now on.
Space Ghost: This is for Nana! (Blasts one of the pods. The pod grows larger)
Zorak: It's feeding on the rays!
Space Ghost: It's the rays! It's... it's feeding on them! (screams like a woman) What should I do?
Zorak: Heh heh heh! Shoot it some more!
Space Ghost: But it seems to be feeding on the rays!
Moltar: Then stop shootin' it!
Space Ghost: Do what now? Oh! (stops shooting) Dang it! Well, it looks like they can't be killed. Uh, here Zorak, trade with me.
Zorak: Heh heh heh! I don't think so. (evil laughing prompting Space Ghost to Blast the pod closest to Zorak) NO00000!
Space Ghost: (blasting pod) Who's laughing now, Zorak? Who's laughing now?
(Pods make squeaking noises)
Friday11:28
(Space Ghost is staring at one of the pods)
Zorak: Hey. Touch it. Go on! See what happens.
Moltar: Touch it. You know you want to.
Zorak: C'mon, man. Touch it.
(Space Ghost warily approaches pod)
Moltar: Yes, feel its heat.
Zorak: Touch it!
Moltar: Stroke its supple contours.
Zorak: Nothing'll happen. Just touch it. (whispers) It's what you wanna do. Touch it.
(Space Ghost inches closer to pod)
Moltar: You know you want to. Touch it!
Zorak: Touch it!
Moltar: It's there for you to Touch.
(Space Ghost's finger gets ever closer)
Zorak: You know you wanna.
(Space Ghost stops just an inch away from the pod)
Space Ghost: There, I touched it! Now I have to leave.
Zorak: No, you did not!
Space Ghost: No, I did! I touched It!
(Space Ghost leaves and his pod follows)
Steven Wright: Who else is going to be on the show?
Zorak: Your guts.
Steven Wright: Oh.
(An out-of-breath Space Ghost opens exit door. He sees that the building is coated in orange goo.)
Space Ghost: (screams like a girl) The Blob! (Pod moves closer. Screams like a girl again as he flies back to the desk) Very scary monster! (Clears throat) I'm back!
Zorak: Where'd you G-
(Dramatic music as blob covers window of studio and all of Ghost Planet)
Zorak: I said, where did you G-
(Dramatic music as blob covers window of studio)
Zorak: I SAID WHERE DID Y-
Friday10:25 p.m.
Space Ghost: (Yawn.) I am so sleepy.
Zorak: (looking tired and yawning) Yeah...
(Moltar is asleep on control room floor as pod gets closer to him; rest of group is falling asleep as pods close in. Zorak catches himself and suddenly wakes up, followed by Moltar, Space Ghost and then Wright)
Zorak: (coughing) We should take turns sleeping. You go first.
Space Ghost: You'll wake me up if the pod starts to replicate me, right?
Zorak: Probably not.
Space Ghost: Listen to me. We're not gonna live through this unless we all put aside our differences and band together as Friends.
(Moltar flips switch as Zorak starts playing lullaby)
Space Ghost: You see, that's exactly what I'm talking about. (blasts Zorak)
Steven Wright: I might need another coffee.
Space Ghost: Good idea! We'll go get some coffee. You stay here, try to live. If anything bad happens...to you...well, we'll be getting coffee!
Steven Wright: (laughs) Father! You are my hero!
Space Ghost: Yeah. Thanks!
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak leave for commissary, followed closely by pods)
Steven Wright: (staring at pod) Are, you're not human are you? (pod starts to open) Y..you should get that checked. Or I admire it. I don't know the reaction you want! I, I fear you! (pod moves closer) You're gonna kill me! (laughs)
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar sit in commissary, surrounded by pods. Screaming from the studio can be heard. No one says a word as the screaming goes on and on.)
Moltar: So, uh... (screaming from studio) Um, see I wor- (screaming from studio). This may... (short scream). This... (short scream). Nothin' (longer scream)
(Screaming subsides)
Space Ghost: I have an idea.
Saturday2:04 a.M.
(A mop bucket with a hand-drawn Space Ghost mask and cape rolls onto the empty set)
Space Ghost: (as if talking to a dog) There goes Space Ghost! Go get him! Go get Space Ghost! He's gettin' away! Ooh, Space Ghost's gettin' away! Bad Space Ghost! Go get Space Ghost now! He's gettin' away! Ooh da, bad Space Ghost! Look at him! Look at him, he's gettin' away with his cape flyin' and everything! Go get Space Ghost!
Moltar: (Sigh.) They're not buyin' it.
Space Ghost: They're not buying it because you messed it up!
Moltar: What? I was just trying to-
Space Ghost: I've got it! We'll get the Blob to kill the pods!
Moltar: How we gonna do that?
Space Ghost: (at exit door) Hey, uh, Blob. You, uh, heard all the stuff the pods have been saying about your mother? (laughs) People are laughin', man. (pause) So, uh, you wanna come in here? And kill the pods? 'Cause of what they said? About your Mother?
(Noises from Blob)
Space Ghost: I'm sorry. I, I had no idea. What's that, pods? The Blob is very fat?!
Saturday7:18 p.m.
Zorak: Didn't work, did it?
Space Ghost: Of course it worked! But now I have a better plan. One that excludes the Blob's stupid mother. I'm going to order one of those mind-erasing kits.
Moltar: Ya already have one!
Space Ghost: I know.
Moltar: Well?
Space Ghost: Can't you see? If we erase our minds and forget how sleepy we are, we'll stay awake forever! (pause) So this is my idea. I'm thinking about ordering one of those mind-erasing kits.
Thursday8 p.m.
Space Ghost: Here's what we do. We order one of those mind-erasing kits.
Moltar: You already HAVE ONE!
Space Ghost: If I already had one, don't you think I'd remember that?
Zorak: So go get it!
Space Ghost: Get what?
Moltar: The kit!
Space Ghost: What kit?
Friday5:23 a.m.
Zorak: All right, here's the plan. We create a diversion by throwing the planet's orbital axis off by 13 degrees. Actually, 10 degrees should do it. You don't want to throw it off too much because, well, you know. (Pause.) Now, once we've lowered the gravitational fields by, say, 40 gigawatts and secured the outer perimeter...securely...well I, I think we'll be just fine. (Picks up laser gun) Any questions? (cut to Space Ghost wearing monocle) Okay, then! Move out! Lock and load! Happy Birthday! And stay frosty! (cocks gun and fires off-camera)
Space Ghost: I'm going to order one of those...
Moltar: All right, I've got a plan. We all know rust never sleeps, right? (Pause.) Right. So, if we all rust, we'll never sleep. Eh? Eh?
Space Ghost: Moltar, you're the only one here made of metal. How are we gonna rust?
Saturday11:13 p.m.
Moltar: So after you get metal-plated, that's when we all go to the beach. To rust.
Space Ghost: Gee, that's a great plan, Moltar. But if we could get to the beach, we wouldn't have to be metal-plated.
Sunday8:09 a.m.
Space Ghost: How many times do I have to tell ya? Because we'd be at the beach!
Monday3:45 p.m.
Space Ghost: Mayday! Mayday! I'm Space Ghost and I am in some big danger! My plans were foolproof, (pod gets closer and falls over) but it started feeding on the rays! And then Moltar had a plan that never would have worked. (pod gets bigger and closer) I need a ship to rescue me. I'll be waiting for you out by the front gate. Thank you!
Moltar: Nobody can hear ya, Space Ghost. We've been off the air for 10 days.
Space Ghost: Excuse me. (invisos into control room, face-to-face with Moltar) Please don't tell me how to do it. It sickens me.
March99:099 A6
Space Ghost: Mmmm, this is some good coffee! I thought we were out of coffee.
Zorak: I found some more. It's in the orange container.
Space Ghost: (does spittake into camera) You fool! (Collapses) That's decaf!
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar instantly fall asleep as pods move closer... and begin opening)
Olden Times of Long Ago6:14 a.m.
Colonial Man: Oh, hello there! I didn't see you. I was busy reading my colonial book! I suppose you're wondering what happened to Space Ghost and his fabled gang. Well, I don't know! (evil laugh, cut to shot of Colonial Man as snarling vampire, then back to himself) But you can find out by checking eBay.com (text on screen: "Bid on the 'Space Ghost Ending' at www.ebay.com"), as they have a one-of-a-kind ending, that you can purchase starting at $7. Now leave me! For I must finish my colonial book! (growling sound effect as Colonial Man chuckles at book)
(Dramatic music as screen goes to black with white text:)
Only One Will WinSearch "Space Ghost Ending" at www.ebay.comAll proceeds will be donated to charity.Cartoon Network is not responsible for server or Internet problems that may occur in attempting to connect to E-bay (sic) or while connected to E-bay.

(No credits)

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Girl Hair

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Girl Hair
Original Air Date:October 21, 1999
Guest Star:Hanson

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(An Italian-speaking Space Ghost invisos onto set. Speaks Italian. The real Space Ghost walks up to him)
Space Ghost: Okay, off you go.
(Italian-speaking invisos out. The real looks at Zorak, who is grinning with a mouth full of teeth.)
Space Ghost: When'd you get teeth?
Zorak: (through teeth) Ya like 'em?
Space Ghost: No, I don't like 'em.
(Space Ghost walks over to Zorak and punches him in the mouth)
Zorak: Agh! Agh Agh!
Space Ghost: I like that.
Zorak: Agh Agh!
Space Ghost: They look better on the floor.
(Zorak spits teeth at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Hey Zorak! You made a mess on the floor there, buddy.
(As Space Ghost walks back to set, Zorak follows him holding a folding chair)
Zorak: Hey! (off-camera Boom is heard) That's for knockin' my teeth out!
(Space Ghost walks back over to Zorak; off-camera punch followed by Zorak chasing Space Ghost with the chair again. As a high-speed chase ensues back and forth, the guest monitor lowers)
Taylor Hanson: Where's the love in this room?
Space Ghost: Hanson! Wooo!
Taylor Hanson: There's no bondage.
Isaac Hanson: Where's the love, man?
Space Ghost: Ha, now you boys have teeth, don't ya?
Taylor Hanson: What?
Space Ghost: Look at that! Three boys with teeth! And hair. Beautiful girl hair.
Taylor Hanson: What are you trying to say?
Space Ghost: The little one looks like Claudia Schiffer.
(Zachary Hanson flips hair around)
Taylor Handon: Wow.
Isaac Hanson: Wow.
Zachary Hanson: Can I be your co-host?
Space Ghost: All Righty.
(Zachary Hanson keeps flipping hair)
Space Ghost: Let's comb it.
Moltar: That would rule!
Zorak: Yeah, you can comb it WITH MY FRICKIN' TEETH!
(Space Ghost flies over for an off-camera attack on Zorak)
Space Ghost: Take a little of this with ya! (incoherent struggling)...like a lobster!
(A beeper sounds)
Zorak: Oh, that's me. Um, I gotta take this. (he lowers himself beneath circular keyboard)
Space Ghost: Anyone have a comb? Who's got a comb?
Moltar: I think I got a rake.
Space Ghost: Ah.
Moltar: If that helps.
Space Ghost: No, we need a comb.
Moltar: It's really sharp.
(Zorak is heard babbling off-camera)
Space Ghost: Go buy a comb.
(Moltar is reading a book)
Moltar: Um, all right. I'll do it in five minutes.
Space Ghost: Moltar, just go buy a comb.
Moltar: I'll do it! In five minutes.
Space Ghost: Wait! I've got it! Construct a robot, name it "Orlando" and program it to go purchase a comb for Hanson.
Moltar: I'll get right on that.
Space Ghost: An unbreakable comb.
(Zorak returns)
Zorak: Uh, we got a Wet-Vac?
Space Ghost: Are you gold brickin'?
Zorak: What does it look like I'm doing?
Isaac Hanson: I like it when, when Zorak gets blown up.
Space Ghost: Is that what Hanson wants? Then let me make it about to happen.
(Space Ghost walks over to Zorak. off-camera sounds of something being inflated are heard. The camera shows zorak puffed up like a balloon)
Space Ghost: You look like a big blowfish! (laughs)
Hanson: (collective laugh)
Space Ghost: Ha ha! Maybe I should call you "Hootie"! Ha ha ha!
Hanson: (collective groan)
Taylor Hanson: Maybe.
Space Ghost: Okay! Now he dies!
Taylor Hanson: No, I want to be shot! Please!
Space Ghost: So, you like the lasers, do ya?
Zachary Hanson: Yes!!! (RAISES HANDS OVER HIS HEAD)
Space Ghost: All righty!
Taylor Hanson: Yeah, can you get us too? Get... just shoot us all three.
Isaac Hanson: No, no, no. I'm gonna...I'm gonna move.
Space Ghost: I'm gonna do the trick shot, Moltar. Check this out!
(Moltar continues reading)
Space Ghost: Hey, remember how cool it was the last time? When I did the trick shot?
(Zorak deflates and flies away from keyboard)
Space Ghost: All right, screw it! (to Hanson) Now don't go tellin' your dad on me!
(Space Ghost blasts Zachary right in the stomach)
Zachary Hanson: OH GOD, IT HURTS!!!
Taylor Hanson: That looks like fun.
Space Ghost: Now comes pain.
(Blasts Zachary in stomach again)
Zachary Hanson: Oh!! Yes!! Oh, higher!!! Please!!!
Space Ghost: Is this legal?
(Zachary collapses onto floor)
Space Ghost: Walk it off, Zach. Walk it off.
Isaac Hanson: Oooh!!
Taylor Hanson: Oh man. Maybe you should use the eleven.
Space Ghost: You want yours now, young man?
Taylor Hanson: C'mon!
(Space Ghost blasts Taylor in the stomach)
Taylor Hanson: Okay, a little lower. Little lower. Little lower.
Space Ghost: You don't want it lower. Heh heh. Zorak, take a picture of us.
(Zorak deflates and falls behind keyboard)
Space Ghost: Oh wait, I want Orlando in the picture! Orlando? Where's Orlando?
Zorak: That was fun. Blow me up again!
Space Ghost: Orlando!
Zorak: Blow me up again!
Space Ghost: Orlando!
Zorak: C'mon, I like it!
Space Ghost: We're waiting!
Zorak: Blow me up! Blow me up again!
Space Ghost: Don't you want your picture taken with Hanson?
Zorak: C'mon! Blow me-- (Space Ghost blasts Zorak again) Aggghh!!
Space Ghost: Moltar, where's Orlando?
Moltar: Oh, uh, you know what? I made him, but then he was...bad-mouthin'...you all over the set. So I exiled him from the building.
Space Ghost: Heads-up thinking, Moltar. Come down here for your reward.
(Moltar sees Space Ghost ready to blast, then Space Ghost quickly moves hands. Moltar pauses, then walks onto set)
Moltar: You guys, you shouldn't have-- (Space Ghost starts smacking Moltar)
Space Ghost: Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar!
Moltar: Well, I...
Space Ghost: Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar! Where do you get off?
Moltar: It wadn't like that.
Space Ghost: Oh, I'm just kiddin'. It's just my little way of promoting you!
Moltar: Really?
Space Ghost: Yep! You're the new vice president of this general area except for my desk! And, uh, take care of your brother while we're gone.
Moltar: Where are you goin'?
Space Ghost: Where do you think? To get these boys a comb! Come on, Hanson! Let's go camping!
(Scene transitions to Space Ghost and monitor with Hanson around campfire)
Space Ghost: And his whole head was made of bacon!
Zachary Hanson: Oh, man!
Space Ghost: (laughing) Oh, that was a good one. Hey, you boys ever hear the story of The Oasis of the Headless Mad Comber of Comb Mountain?
(A wolf howl)
Hanson: No.
Space Ghost: Shh! You hear that?
(Owl hooting)
Space Ghost: Crickets. (blasts, followed by an off-camera scream) Legend has it you can hear him, (off-camera scream) every night about this time. Sharpening his comb. His pink, plastic comb. Asking his victims, "Part on the right, or the left?" Hooks for feet...
Taylor Hanson: No...
Space Ghost: Hooks for feet! Eyes made of wood. Combing. Combing. Harder and harder until you were dead!
Hanson: (groaning)
Space Ghost: Ones say he just disappeared. Others say he's still here. Combing. Combing. Combing! (pulls out comb) Oh no! Oh no!
(Hanson sits quietly)
Space Ghost: Hey, I gotta go to the bathroom.
Hanson: No! No! No! No!
Space Ghost: In my apartment.
Isaac Hanson: Yes, of course.
(Transition to Space Ghost's apartment)
Space Ghost: So how's about this for a crib?
Hanson: Whoa! (all three praise and bow to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: I like it. Hey look! My show's on!
(The TV screen shows Space Ghost's set in flames with Zorak running back and forth, quickly replaced by a "Please Stand-By" slate depicting Moltar holding a fire extinguisher)
Space Ghost: We should probably... go back there.
(Transition to Space Ghost and Hanson in Phantom Cruiser)
Space Ghost: I love driving you boys around. Driving Hanson comes naturally to me.
Isaac Hanson: I think "Space Ghost" sounds really kind of cool, you know?
Taylor Hanson: You know, this entire show he's been talking about how awesome Space Ghost...you are.
Isaac Hanson: I, I'm sucking up.
Taylor Hanson: He's just, he's suckin' up. I think...
Isaac Hanson: I wanna, I, I wanna, I wanna...
Space Ghost: I guess I really ought to be watching where we're going, but I'm not.
Isaac Hanson: Do we get a, a cool invisible thing that makes us invisible?
Zachary Hanson: Like one of those belts things?
Space Ghost: Seatbelts? Those are for nerds. You boys aren't nerds, are ya? 'Cause this ain't the nerd taxi.
Automated Voice: Obstruction alert!
Space Ghost: Driving is so boring. Let's sing a song.
Automated Voice: Collision imminent.
Isaac Hanson: You need to be more parental.
Taylor Hanson: Parental?
Isaac Hanson: Sometimes.
Taylor Hanson: No he doesn't. He's Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Yeah, mind your own business, Isaac.
Isaac Hanson: Okay. On second thought.
Zachary Hanson: What were you thinking, man?
Space Ghost: C'mon, get us rolling.
(Hanson starts singing)
Hanson: A boom boom boom boom Space Ghost! A boom boom boom boom MOLTAR! A boom boom boom boom ZORAK! A boom boom boom boom SPACE GHOST!
Space Ghost: Hanson!
Hanson: A boom boom boom boom SPACE GHOST!
Space Ghost: SPACE GHOST!
Hanson: A boom boom boom boom MOLTAR!
Space Ghost: SPACE GHOST!
Hanson: A boom boom...
Space Ghost: SPACE GHOST!
Taylor Hanson: Agh, that's a horrible song!
Space Ghost: Keep singing!
Hanson: A boom boom boom boom MOLTAR!
Space Ghost: MOLTAR!
Hanson: A boom boom boom boom ZORAK!
Space Ghost: ZORAK! A boom boom boom boom WATCH OUT!
(The cruiser collides with an old lady wielding a wand)
Hanson: Whoa!!!
Taylor Hanson: Oh, God!
Space Ghost: Aggghhh!!!!!
(Cruiser catches fire as Space Ghost and Hanson are thrown into space)
Space Ghost: Well, that's upsetting.
Taylor Hanson: This is not good, okay.
Space Ghost: You boys have to go.
Isaac Hanson: Be careful. That, that's a dangerous weapon that you have on there.
Space Ghost: You saw me hit that old lady. And I can't have this on my record.
Isaac Hanson: Oh, bad idea.
Taylor Hanson: How about we just run and you can...
Isaac Hanson: We'll, we'll, we'll teleport out of here.
Space Ghost: We're not running anywhere, Taylor.
Taylor Hanson: What are you trying to say?
Space Ghost: What I'm trying to say is, "A boom boom boom boom GOOD-BYE!"
(Space Ghost blasts Hanson)
Hanson: Aggh!!! Good-bye world!
(Space Ghost arrives back on set)
Space Ghost: Hey, what happened to the-?
Moltar: It's out.
Space Ghost: What about-?
Moltar: It's fixed.
Space Ghost: Eh, good. Good.
Moltar: Where's Hanson?
Space Ghost: Eh, how should I know?
Moltar: Well, you had 'em!
Space Ghost: Oh! Han-son! Yeah, we got that comb!
Moltar: Yeah? And?
Space Ghost: Oh, and, uh, then I took 'em home to be with their dad.
Moltar: Then why is he on the phone looking for 'em? At his house?
Space Ghost: Hang up.
(Phone hangs up, then rings again)
Moltar: It's Daddy!
Space Ghost: Moltar, how can I talk to Mr. Hanson after I just mowed down the Tooth Fairy?
Moltar: Why would he care? He don't even know the Tooth Fairy!
Space Ghost: Maybe because I hurled his sons into space to dispose of them because they were witnesses? Ya think he might care about that, Moltar? Do ya?
Moltar: You sure she's dead?
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah.
Moltar: Can never tell.
Space Ghost: She was on fire, Moltar. You know, fire?
(Space Ghost has giant bags of human teeth in front of his desk)
Zorak: Hey, are those your teeth?
Space Ghost: They are now.
Zorak: Gimme those teeth!
Space Ghost: Why?
Zorak: So I can get into clubs.
Space Ghost: You don't go to clubs.
Zorak: Because I don't have any teeth!
(Santa descends from the ceiling)
Santa: Ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Moltar: It's Santa!
Santa: Christmas isn't about getting into clubs, Zorak!
Moltar: Hi Santa!! Didja get my letter?
Santa: Space Ghost! You've destroyed the Tooth Fairy.
Space Ghost: Nuh-uh!
Santa: I know when you've been bad and good, and you've been very good! I've been trying to kill her myself for years! Ho ho ho ho ho ho!!
Moltar: But why, Santa? Why?
Santa: So that I could be the Tooth Fairy, Moltar. Then Santa could use all the little children's teeth to make bizarre and twisted toys for Santa's own amusement! Ho ho ho ho ho!!!
Space Ghost: (thinking to himself) That doesn't sound like the Santa I know.
Santa: (in evil voice) Because I'm not the Santa you know! I'm Bizarro Santa! From the Electroid Dimension!
(Santa transforms into a freakishly evil creature. Meanwhile, the Tooth Fairy appears)
Moltar: Hey! The Tooth Fairy!
Space Ghost: Agh! Zombie!
Moltar: All right!
Space Ghost: Hey, I mowed you over!
Tooth Fairy: No, Space Ghost. You destroyed a robot built to look like me.
Bizarro Santa: Okay.
Tooth Fairy: Bizarro Santa has been trying to kill me for years.
Bizarro Santa: Ho ho ho-oh Tannebaum! You gonna believe that fairy tale? Trust in me. I'm the good one.
Tooth Fairy: No, Space Ghost! I'm the good one!
Bizarro Santa: Ho ho ho! Silence! (Bizarro Santa throws the Tooth Fairy across the set with his tail)
Space Ghost: Oh no!
(Zorak hops across the set toward the bags of teeth)
Bizarro Santa: Ho ho ho! Give me the teeth!
Tooth Fairy: But I paid for them!
Bizarro Santa: I have plans for those teeth!
Zorak: Lemme just grab a handful.
Tooth Fairy: They belong to me!
Zorak: For the clubs!
Bizarro Santa: You'll never get into a club!
Zorak: What if I have a date?
(The Tooth Fairy zaps the teeth and carries them off)
Zorak: Gimme those teeth!
(Zorak, the Tooth Fairy and Bizarro Santa all float around the set, shouting incoherently at each other)
Space Ghost: All right, everybody! Just hold on a second!
(All are silent)
Space Ghost: What happened?
(Credits roll. Under credits we hear:)
Italian-Speaking Space Ghost: (speaking Italian)
Space Ghost: Take a hike, Louie.
Italian-Speaking Space Ghost: Ah, Space Ghost, why you sit there with the power bands... you try to make me mad? Why can't you just be nice?
Space Ghost: Hey look! There's Frank Sinatra!
Italian-Speaking Space Ghost: Soon, Space Ghost, we will go to war.
Space Ghost: Okey-doke. Bye now.
(Italian Space Ghost mumbling)
Zorak: No, no! It's gotta be heated! Heat it up!

GUEST STARSIsaac HansonTaylor HansonZachary Hanson
WRITTEN BYMatt HarriganMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
PRODUCED BYMichael CahillJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
OFFLINE EDITMichael Cahill
ONLINE EDITMyron Vazquez
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAmy HandlerDave Willis
PRODUCTION COORDINATORBonnie Rosmarin
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
NEW ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerAndrew EdwardsWard Jenkins
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSAnne Susan BrownMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
INTERNSCatherine GuthrieHenry Harmon IIIAva JamshidiNick Ingkatanuwat
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
HEAD WRITERMatt Maiellaro
SUPERVISING PRODUCERMichael Cahill
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Sequel

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Sequel
Original Air Date:October 28, 1999
Guest Star:Captain & Tennille

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Exterior of "Spacecatraz Prison")
Space Ghost: I can't believe this. ("Exposition" appears on bottom of screen) Me. Space Ghost. Hero to millions, stuck here in space prison like some common thug while my show's about to go on without me. All because I mistreated my former teen sidekicks, Jan and Jace, and allegedly assaulted my current sidekick-slash-bandleader, Zorak, in that "Lawsuit" episode.
(Transition to prison guard)
Cyclo: CYCLO LIVES!
Space Ghost: Mind your own business, you common thug!
(The Tra La La Girls from "The Banana Splits" are singing and playing guitars on a tv in the prison. As they sing their scary song the camera zooms crazily in and out, which then switches to "Coast to Coast" opening titles)
Cyclo: Hey! Cyclo was watching that! Cyclo lives for that program!
Space Ghost: Watch your lice, you little dip! My show's on now! (TV switches back to the Tra La La Girls) Gimme that!
Cyclo: Give Cyclo the remote! (TV switches back to "Coast to Coast") Cyclo doesn't like this at all! (audience boos off-camera; TV switches back to the Tra La La Girls, prompting laughs from audience)
Space Ghost: Try gettin' it back, mister! (TV again switches to "C2C"; audience boos)
Cyclo: Cyclo must have the remote! (TV switches back to children; audience laughs)
Space Ghost: You want ya some? (TV switches back to "C2C"; audience boos) Then come get ya some!
Cyclo: Cyclo will come get him some! (TV switches back to children; audience cheers) Cyclo will enact his revenge! (TV switches back to "C2C"; audience boos)
Space Ghost: Everybody shut up or I'll whup ya like it's the 60s all over again! (watches "C2C") Set looks strangely bright.
(Birdman flies onto set)
Birdman: (singing) Birrrrrd...man!
Space Ghost: Birdman? (in background, TV changes to the children singing again) I thought David Brenner was supposed to be the guest Host!
Zorak: Hey, where's David?
Moltar: Eh, he blew up in the airlock.
Birdman: Oh. I thought those were beets. Mashed beets.
Moltar: (laughs) Should I run a mop through it?
Zorak: Nah. Let's track him all over.
(Evil laughing from Moltar and Zorak)
Birdman: Uh, ok. Well, let's get things started. Um...Greetings citizens! Uh, thanks for tuning in folks. I'm, uh, (singing) Birrrrrd...ma- (starts coughing). Sorry. I'm a bit woozy. I was selling plas...uh, I mean, uh, donating blood when I got the call to fill in for, you know who: the criminal.
(Laughing from those watching TV inside space prison)
Space Ghost: Let he who hath not assaulted his teenage sidekicks cast the first stone.
(Silence from Cyclo)
Space Ghost: That's what I thought.
Birdman: The producers have been good enough to move the Ghost Planet closer to the sun so I can use its life-giving, golden rays to bring you exciting, razz-ma-tazz showbiz, um, excitement.
(Rimshot from Wayouts drummer, Christie)
Zorak: Meet the new boss.
Moltar: Dumb as the old boss.
Birdman: And if, uh, my wife is watching, I just wanted to say, "Honey, I love you. I'm better now. Come home, baby."
Zorak: Yeah, come get some.
Birdman: Wha...? Okay. So, I'm going over there.
(Drumroll from Christie)
Birdman: I could use an adult beverage. How long 'til the break?
Moltar: (reading a book) No breaks for you, chump.
Birdman: Hmmmm. Story of my life. Ummm...I'd like to give a bright and shiny welcome to my very first guests...ummmm...
Moltar: The Captain and...
Birdman: The Captain and the Tennille. Welcome to my show.
(The Captain plays keyboard)
Toni Tennille: Thank you!
Birdman: So which one of you is The Captain anyway?
Toni Tennille: (laughing) He is.
Zorak: (taunting) Daa-ryl!
Moltar: Daa-ryl!
The Captain: Do you buy these masks at junk shops, that you're wearing, by the way?
Zorak and Moltar: Daa-ryl! Daa-ryl!
Toni Tennille: Honey, that's not a mask. That's him.
Birdman: I'm not sure I follow.
The Captain: That's probably because of four-thousand billion light years between us.
Zorak and Moltar: Daar-ryl! Daa-ryl!
Birdman: Well, actually, it's because... (to Zorak and Moltar) Why are you chanting "Daryl"?
Zorak: It's his name!
Moltar: Daryl Dragon.
Birdman: Oh. That's clever. (pause) DAA-RYL!
Zorak and Moltar: Daa-ryl! Daa-ryl!
(All three chant "Daa-ryl" as The Captain improvises on his keyboard)
Birdman: I really love that "Muskrat" song.
Zorak: DAA-RYL!
Birdman: My wife Slyvia and I, it was our song. She left me, you know.
Zorak: DAA-RYL!
The Captain: Boy, that's...
Toni Tennille: That's tough!
Birdman: I've tried everything to get her back. I don't know what to do.
Zorak: I would.
The Captain: If you don't give each other, a little space, your relationship won't last.
Birdman: I give her at least 100 yards, as per court order.
(Set breaks into laughter)
Birdman: (singing) Syl-via! Come back! Come back!
Space Ghost: That's the last straw! I've got to get my bleeding chat show back from that bloke!
Cyclo: What are you doing, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: (holds up power bands) I'm breaking out of this wretched hive of scum and villainy!
Cyclo: Where did Space Ghost get those power bands?
Space Ghost: I fashioned them from my own by-products. Come touch them. They're still warm.
Cyclo: Cyclo will pass.
(Space Ghost blasts out of prison)
Space Ghost: Bye-bye, my love. (flies back to Ghost Planet) And now to the Ghost Planet to take back what is rightfully mine!
(Space Ghost flies. And he flies. And he flies. This way. That way. We see various terrain in the background.)
Space Ghost: Okay, I'm lost.
(Transition to set)
Toni Tennille: Respect each other's opinions...
Moltar: Hey, Birdman!
Toni Tennille: And you have to, uh...
Moltar: Your wife's on the phone!
Toni Tennille: ...listen to each other...
Birdman: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Moltar! Put her on! (Moltar switches picture) Sweetie! Galaxy Pie! I was just talking about you!
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Hello, Harvey.
Birdman: Did you get my messages? I'm sorry I had to bird-call collect.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Harvey (whistles) Down boy.
Birdman: Um, okay. Hi.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: So, um, how's Avenger?
Birdman: He, um, flew away.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Is that right?
Birdman: Look, I've, I've got a show again. A whole show! You always said they'd be crazy to give the Birdman a show again, but here I am with a show! Can I come home now, can I?
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Oh no, Harvey.
Zorak: At least let him use the shower!
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: (screaming) A cockroach! Gravity ray! (Sylvia zaps Zorak, who starts floating toward the ceiling)
Zorak: Agh! Help! Help! Hey! The ceiling fan! (Zorak shakes upside down, apparently hitting the fan)
(Space Ghost touches down on the planet of the Herculoids, Quasar. Igoo the rock ape sees Space Ghost and growls.)
Space Ghost: Hey! (whistle) Hey boy! C'mon! Over here! (Igoo continues to growl) Rock monkey, wanna peanut?
(Igoo hits Space Ghost in the head with rock)
Space Ghost: Ow!
Zandor: Go away, Space Ghost! We don't want your kind in our idyllic alien home world!
Space Ghost: Aw, c'mon, Zandor! All I want is directions. And a perogi.
(The Herculoids, Gloop and Gleep, and Igoo pelt Space Ghost with rocks)
Space Ghost: Ow! Hey! Hey! Quit it, you hippies!
Dorno: Get lost, you creep. We saw what you did to Jan and Jace!
(Gloop and Gleep are pretty riled as well. They bob up and down frantically.)
Gloop and Gleep: (subtitles) Space Loaf! Space Loaf! Next time we'll bury you!
Space Ghost: Rotten hippie monster commune! After Birdman, you're next!
(Wipe transition back to set)
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Look, Harvey. I didn't exactly call to chat. I need you to sign the papers.
Birdman: Papers? What papers?
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: The divorce papers, Harvey. Remember those? The ones you were supposed to sign months ago?
Birdman: Baby, don't make me sign the papers. I'm better now, I swear. Space Ghost is out. The Birdman is in!
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: You just don't get it, do you? It's over, Harvey! I'm sorry, I need to get on with my life! So I need you to sign the papers now!
Birdman: Galaxy Girl, please! I'll straighten up and fly right, I swear!
(Zorak floats above desk)
Birdman: I'll stop gambling. I'll go back to therapy. I'll try harder to clean up my droppings.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Harvey, s-stop it! You're embarrassing yourself in front of the Super Villains. Besides, you know Falcon 7 is the man in my life now.
Birdman: Huh? Falcon 7?! That beak-stabbing traitor. What's he got that I haven't got?
Zorak: Your wife.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Plus, Falcon 7's a real gentleman, who knows how to treat a lady with class and respect.
(Falcon 7 appears on Moltar's monitor)
Falcon 7: So, Moltar. Ever make it with a chick who can defy the laws of gravity?
Moltar: Yes! Many times!
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Look, Harvey. Don't make this harder on yourself.
Birdman: (heavy sigh) Oh, all right. I give up. Go have your stupid happy little life without the Birdman.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: You mean you'll sign the papers?
Birdman: Whatever you want, dearest.
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Heh, fantastic! Once you're done, steal a stamp and send them to my lawyer, Dr. Nightmare.
Dr. Nightmare: (off-camera) Attorney at Law!!
Birdman: (dropping his head onto the desk) Galaxy Girl...
Galaxy Girl a.k.a. Sylvia: Okay! Bye, Bye Birdie! (monitor goes to static)
Birdman: (crying) I...I know the sun's shining, but it feels so cold. Please somebody, won't somebody just hold me?
(Zorak is lifted out of his seat to reveal he is sitting on Space Ghost's shoulders as SG pops up from under keyboard)
Space Ghost: What in the name of the coefficient of the speed of light multiplied by the red shift to the hypotenuse of the nth root...hypotenuse...hypotenuse...
Zorak: Nobody gets you.
Space Ghost: Neils Bohr gets me.
Birdman: But, you're supposed to be in jail!
Space Ghost: (now standing on the set) Yeah, and you're supposed to be Dumpster-diving for ham scraps, you six-piece Chicken McNobody! Get outta my seat!
Birdman: Make me!
Space Ghost: Destructo-ray!
Birdman: Solar shield and solar ray!
Space Ghost: Hamster tube!
Birdman: Hamster tube?
Space Ghost: And hamster ray!
Birdman: Sarin gas!
Space Ghost: Sarin? Whoa, hold on a second. Time out!
(Space Ghost walks up to Birdman, then blasts him in the forehead)
Space Ghost: Time in!
(Captain and Tennille start singing "Muskrat Love" in guest monitor as Space Ghost and Birdman fight off-camera)
Birdman: Atomic wreck!
Space Ghost: Yow! My spacesicle! Nerple! Nerple! (??)
Toni Tennille: Muskrat, muskrat...
Birdman: Ow! Atomic lithium!
Space Ghost: It's time to take a bird bath, bird-brain!
Birdman: Get off of me! (off-camera punches)
(Captain and Tennille continue to sing)
Space Ghost: Destructo ray! (more fighting) Ow! Hey! Knock it off!
Moltar: Would you guys shut up? I'm trying to listen here!
Space Ghost: Forgive me, Birdman. I've been rash. I've misjudged you, my friend.
(Space Ghost, Birdman, Moltar and Zorak walk up to monitor)
Toni Tennille: (singing) Sam is so skinny...and they're whirl and they twirl and tangle. Singing and jinging and jangled. Floatin' like the heavens above... Sing along!
All: (and very badly) Looks like Muskrat Luuuuu-uuu-uuuhhve!
Toni Tennille: And that's it!
(Captain snaps fingers as title card appears and credits roll)
(over credits)
Toni Tennille: Thank you.
Space Ghost: I love you, Birdman.
(Credits finish)
(Old man wearing a sleeping cap sits up in bed and talks directly into the camera)
Kirk the Storyteller: The nightmares. They're relentless! And they're all coming from space!

GUEST STARSCaptain and Tennille
WRITTEN BYEvan DorkinSarah Dyer
PRODUCED BYJim FortierMatt MaiellaroBarry MillsPete SmithDave Willis
OFFLINE EDITKen Soons
ONLINE EDITJay BellissimoTom Roche
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave WillisCorri English
PRODUCTION COORDINATORBonnie Rosmarin
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
NEW ANIMATIONC. Martin Croker
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSAnne Susan BrownMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
INTERNSCatherine GuthrieHenry Harmon IIIAva JamshidiNick Ingkatanuwat
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
SUPERVISING PRODUCERSheila Green
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Curling Flower Space

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Curling Flower Space
Original Air Date:November 18, 1999
Guest Stars:Jerry Springer, Sarah Jessica Parker

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
Space Ghost: (yawns)
Jerry Springer: (yawns) (Moltar throws the switch.)
Moltar: Okay!
Space Ghost: (waking up) Geez!
Zorak: Ow!
Moltar: We're outta time.
Space Ghost: Okay.
(Credits for "Brilliant Number Three - 44c" begin)
(In Moltar's monitor:Guest Star Jerry SpringerWritten by Bill Faulkner)
Moltar: And...we're clear.
Space Ghost: Well, that wadn't very good.
Jerry Springer: I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Oh no, it's all right. Really. You're just not very good.
Jerry Springer: (looks confused) No. I'm loving...
(The Williams Street bell from the credits can be heard in the background)
Jerry Springer: ...cuddly...
Zorak: Ha-ha. You really mailed that one in.
Space Ghost: Huh?
Moltar: Aren't there usually questions and answers, or am I just wrong about that?
Space Ghost: I just keep thinking about last week's show. It had everything. Action, girls, kung-fu sex...
Zorak: Eruptions from your mouth...
Space Ghost: Shut up, mantis!
Zorak: Pfft!
Space Ghost: I'll spin your head off so fast it'll travel back in time!! (echoing) To a period when bugs wore suits and opened doors while saying "Thank you" and "Yes, please."
Zorak: Um, I have no response to that.
(In the monitor, Jerry Springer is making a goofy face)
Space Ghost: It's like working with children, Jerry.
Jerry Springer: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Green ones.
Jerry Springer: Well, are we surprised?
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Now, listen up as I tell the tale of 15 sexy kung-fu minutes.
(As Space Ghost echoes "Kung Fu," we flashback to him interviewing Sarah Jessica Parker.)
Sarah Jessica Parker: Did you create the show?
Space Ghost: By "create," you mean write, produce, direct and star in?
Sarah Jessica Parker: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Then, yes. I created it for you. For Christmas.
Sarah Jessica Parker: In my wildest fantasies, I never imagined that I would really be invited to be on your show.
Space Ghost: Mmmmm. WILD fantasies.
Sarah Jessica Parker: You have a... I don't know, something about you.
Space Ghost: Would you like to have some of my sex with me?
Sarah Jessica Parker: Oh boy, would I.
Space Ghost: Let's go.
Zorak: (voice-over) Okay, this is a complete lie!
Space Ghost: (voice-over) Shut up, Zorak! It isn't!
(Flashback ends)
Zorak: She never woulda...
Space Ghost: We'll check the tape! We'll check it right after the show, buddy!
Zorak: Show's over, genius!
Jerry Springer: I wasn't told that this...is this a...?
Zorak: And that's "jenius" with a "J"!
Jerry Springer: This is an ambush show!
Space Ghost: Your life's about over!
Zorak: Yeah, whatever.
Space Ghost: It's about over unless you shut up!
Jerry Springer: I don't wanna be a guest on a talk show!
Zorak: All right, but...
Space Ghost: Say it! Say it again, monster!
Jerry Springer: I never wanted to be on!
Space Ghost: Say what you just said!
Moltar: Yeah, say it!
Space Ghost: SAY IT!!!
Jerry Springer: Whoa!
Space Ghost: "Whoa!" is what America's gonna be sayin' when I spin his head off so fast, it'll travel back in time!
Zorak: Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Space Ghost: Oh, you want the time-travel spinning head!
Jerry Springer: Um...
Space Ghost: Huh? Mister?
Jerry Springer: Wha...?
Space Ghost: Time?
Jerry Springer: What does that mean?
Zorak: He doesn't know!
Space Ghost: It means there was a time when bugs were obedient to man. This clearly isn't that time!
Zorak: Nope.
Space Ghost: Now, where was I, Jerry?
Jerry Springer: (sighs) I don't know, but we were kind of--
Space Ghost: Ah, yes. The sex.
Jerry Springer: Of course.
(Flashback resumes)
Space Ghost: As I moved in to enjoy the sex, terror rained down from the sky...
(A ceiling tile hits Space Ghost in the head)
Sarah Jessica Parker: (laughing) Oh my gosh.
Space Ghost: Are...there...any bones...sticking out?
Sarah Jessica Parker: Um, I can't tell. You're hidden by a desk.
Space Ghost: (voice-over) I was pinned. To the earth.
Zorak: (voice-over) Pfft! By a freakin' ceiling tile.
(Flashback ends)
Space Ghost: Don't! Don't, Don't, Don't!
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: This was no ordinary ceiling tile, Jerry.
Jerry Springer: Okay.
Space Ghost: This was The C. Ling Tile!
(Flashback resumes. A ceiling tile with two sprinkler and an air vent walks up to Space Ghost, who is still lying on the floor.)
C. Ling Tile: So, Ghost. We meet again.
Space Ghost: C. Ling!
C. Ling Tile: That's right. I'm back.
Space Ghost: The pleasure is mine.
C. Ling Tile: No, no, no. Correction: The pleasure is all for me! (He starts spraying water on Space Ghost's head) Sprinkler! Sprinkler!
Space Ghost: No!
C. Ling Tile: Ho-HO!
Space Ghost: Tap water!
C. Ling Tile: (laughs) Now I will freeze you! At 60 degrees! Cool air vent! Go! (starts blowing air on Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Agh!
C. Ling Tile: Go together!
Space Ghost: He's lowering the temperature of my body!
C. Ling Tile: Oh-ho-ho!
Space Ghost: It's all right. Contact Facilities!
C. Ling Tile: You...(bangs Space Ghost on the head)...deal with it!
Space Ghost: Son of a...
C. Ling Tile: Ha ha ha!
Space Ghost: Time to hang, Tile!
C. Ling Tile: Asbestos powder! (Start spraying powder in Space Ghost's face)
Space Ghost: Agh!
C. Ling Tile: Get up! Get up and face the powder!
Space Ghost: No!
C. Ling Tile: (sniffs) Mmmm! Mmmmm! Suck it in, Ghost! And prepare to die!
Space Ghost: Not while I'm alive! Medical school!
(Space Ghost summons a glowing ball of energy)
C. Ling Tile: Hey! Stop!
Moltar: Space Ghost has mastered the five magics!
Space Ghost: May cause drowsiness!
C. Ling Tile: No!
Space Ghost: From your coffin!
C. Ling Tile: You don't have to throw that!
Space Ghost: Because you're dead! (Space Ghost throws the ball, causing C. Ling Tile to burst into flames)
C. Ling Tile: Hey! That hurts! No!
Space Ghost: Well, it looks like C. Ling will fit in perfectly...on the roof...in jail!
Zorak: He sure will, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Moltar, that's one tile that needs to be replaced!
Zorak: It sure does, Space Ghost!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Zorak!
Zorak: (blink) (blink)
Space Ghost: You make me sick.
Zorak: I do, don't I?
(All laugh)
Space Ghost: Now, don't we have some sex to take care of?
Sarah Jessica Parker: (laughing) Yes.
(All laugh again as the flashback ends)
Space Ghost: That's how I defeated C. Ling and then, of course, did sex. (pause) It was all action, Jerry. Magic and action.
Jerry Springer: Unbelievable.
Space Ghost: And yet, very true. And yet, very true.
Moltar: You're insane! You never even took your clothes off!
Space Ghost: Of course I didn't! It was sex!
Moltar: That's some kind of sex!
Space Ghost: Moltar, I will spin your head so fast it'll collect its own atmosphere...with gravity.
Moltar: What?
Space Ghost: And you'll be dead!
Moltar: Why?
Space Ghost: Because you weren't alive back then.
Zorak: Well, that ain't how I remember it - AT ALL!
Space Ghost: What was that? Oh, the lying machine just turned on!
Jerry Springer: Uh, tell me your story.
Zorak: First off, I was lookin' real good.
Space Ghost: Oh, here we go.
(Flashback to Zorak with a big black Gene Simmons-like wig and sideburns)
Zorak: (voice-over) Anyway, Space Ghost was droning on and on about he packs for trips...
Space Ghost: ...pairs of underwear. And I always bring one entire knapsack full of soap.
Sarah Jessica Parker: Um, and you are?
Space Ghost: Space Ghost.
Sarah Jessica Parker: (laughing) Right. Uh, is your full name "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" or is it just "Space Ghost"?
Space Ghost: Uh, I don't know. Hey! Want to see how high I can jump?
Sarah Jessica Parker: Hmm...
Space Ghost: I can jump high! I can go real high!
Sarah Jessica Parker: (laughing) No, I thought maybe you were joking.
Space Ghost: Okay! Here goes! (takes off) Weeeeeeeee!!!
(Sarah Jessica Parker hides her face in her hands as Space Ghost bounces around the studio)
Zorak: (voice-over) That went on for....EVER! Luckily, Boston came by and picked me up.
(We cut to outside GPI, where a spaceship with the Boston logo hovers to beam Zorak up. "Cool the Engines" starts playing in the background)
Space Ghost: (voice-over) Oh bull!
Zorak: They said they needed a keyboardist and I said, "I'm your man-tis!"
(Zorak gets beamed up to Boston's space ship)
Space Ghost: Aggh...
Zorak: So long, suckers!
(The Boston ship blasts off going at least Mach 4 in a blast of stars)
Zorak: And off we went!
Space Ghost: (singing) That's a lie!
Zorak: They had this really cool ship! There was this whole freakin' city on a flyin' UFO guitar, powered by rock 'n' roll!
Space Ghost: LIE!
Zorak: Boston rocks!
Space Ghost: And where did your friends, Boston, take you?
Zorak: They were on their way to populate a new world where everyone would just rock forever!
Space Ghost: That a LIE!!!
Zorak: All right! Who wants to ROCK?! There was not a life form we didn't rock. (The Boston ship streaks across the horizons of several planets where various creatures "rock out" to their irresistable heavy Boston sound) Is everybody ready to rock?! Yeah! Play some guitar!! Catch it! Man and mantis, rocking side-by-side. We're gonna rock your face! Ow! Who's ready to ROCK 'N' ROLL?!? Me and Boston: just like that. We rocked everyone we met. Oh god, it was beautiful. And when they were all rocked out, they dropped me off at home. THANKS, BOSTON! THAT ROCKED!! HEY BOSTON! KEEP ON ROCKIN'!!
(The Boston ship departs after dropping Zorak off)
Zorak: Those guys know how to rock. (Space Ghost is still bouncing around the studio)
Space Ghost: Like G.I. Joe! With his pants blown off! In the war! Aggh! Incoming! (Space Ghost lands head-first behind his desk)
Sarah Jessica Parker: (laughing)
Space Ghost: See that? I touched the ceiling!
(A ceiling tile hits Space Ghost in the head)
Zorak: And that's when you started cryin' for Momma!
Space Ghost: (crying) Mom-maaaaaa!!! (voice-over) I wasn't saying "Momma," I was saying, "Trauma." Like the kind I was about to dish out.
(Flashback ends)
Space Ghost: I was announcing it before-hand.
Zorak: To your Momma.
Space Ghost: Besides, if I cried, it was because of kung-fu lasers...and starvation.
(Pause)
Jerry Springer: Why don't you explain that?
Zorak: Yeah, explain it.
Space Ghost: This is all a damned lie!
Jerry Springer: Um...
Space Ghost: Don't listen to him, Jerry! I'll blow your brains clear into that river bank, Zorak.
Zorak: Yeah, sure you will. (drinks from his coffee mug)
Jerry Springer: But you were friends. Why would you do that?
Space Ghost: Why are you always trying to get ahead of me, mantis?
Moltar: You're all lyin'!
Jerry Springer: Oh. Moltar!
Space Ghost: That's right, Jerry. Moltar.
(Flashback starts)
Moltar: First of all, I had the beautiful rock hair.
(Now Moltar has the long, Gene Simmons hair with a black-and-white striped loverboy head-band. He reads a book)
Moltar: Space Ghost was in the thing, talking to... someone.
(Cut to the set, where the guest monitor shows a toy monkey playing the cymbals. The ceiling tile falls in slow motion.)
Space Ghost: (in slow motion) Oh no!
(Moltar switches the screen to various static-filled screens and test patterns)
Moltar: I had everything under control, as usual. When all of the sudden...
Voice: (whispering) Psst! Hey buddy!
Moltar: Who said that?
Voice: Me.
(A red sports car pulls up to Moltar and crashed into the control console)
Moltar: Where's the driver?
Car: I'm a talking car.
Moltar: Why are you here?
Car: Why is anyone here?
(The car backs out of the control room)
Moltar: Whoa.
(Flashback ends)
Moltar: And that was when I decided I just need to spent a lot more time in church.
(The group stares silently)
Space Ghost: A talking car. Really.
Moltar: No, you know what? I told it wrong. I had broken my lungs, that's what it was. And I was in the process of gluing them back together. So there I am..
(Flashback resumes)
Moltar: ...and I start hearing this scary piano music. (scary piano music in background) So I turn around and there's this guy standing there.
(A clown is standing behind Moltar. He's holding a sharp object.)
Moltar: And he's wearing this mask, and I'm like, "What's up with that?" And he's got this knife, and he just starts coming at me, and the knife's like going, "Drrrvvv! Drrrvvvv! Drrrrvv!"
(Flashback ends)
Zorak: You mean, uh, Michael Myers?
Moltar: Oh, you know him? 'Cause he was coming right at me.
Zorak: Yeah. He's in this movie - "HALLOWEEN!" The one I loaned to you A YEAR AGO! MY movie, remember?!
Moltar: Okay, all right, okay. So maybe it was a movie. I guess I was watching it with some of my friends.
Zorak: Pfft!
Moltar: I don't know if you know 'em. They're the rock band Boston?
Space Ghost: I don't know them.
Zorak: He doesn't know 'em. Look at his face! He's lyin'!
Moltar: I'm not lyin'!
Jerry Springer: Oh gosh.
Moltar: Truth is relative, Zorak!
Zorak: Especially when you're lyin'!
Jerry Springer: Um...
Moltar: The trueness of one's truth, Zorak, is clearly based on their vernacular inaccuracies.
Zorak: What?
Jerry Springer: Um...
Space Ghost: Yes, Zorak. Everyone knows that to be true. And you're dumb for not knowing that.
Zorak: What?
Jerry Springer: I have to be going soon.
Space Ghost: (chuckles) As Moltar clearly said, the vascular...
Zorak: Say it.
Space Ghost: You know if you couldn't understand the first time, I shouldn't have to waste my mouth saying it again.
Jerry Springer: It's not like I have another job or...
Zorak: Saying what again?
Moltar: Yeah, what are you saying?
Space Ghost: What I'm saying...
Moltar: That's not what I said.
Space Ghost: What I'm saying...
Moltar: Bee-otch!
Space Ghost: What I'm saying is... saying things are not relative.
Jerry Springer: This can't be during your sweeps.
Space Ghost: And that, my friends, is the only truth.
Jerry Springer: Is there an end to any of this?
Space Ghost: The other truth... is that I totally did sex with that girl.
Jerry Springer: Okay.
Space Ghost: Because I did.
Jerry Springer: Good.
Space Ghost: I completely dodily-did.
Jerry Springer: Yes!
Space Ghost: Yes, I think you can say the two of us did that activity.
Moltar: Oh, and Zorak?
Space Ghost: There was a performance...
Moltar: I totally hung out with Boston.
(In the guest monitor, Jerry Springer has gotten out of his chair)
Space Ghost: ...at the theater, if you catch my drift.
Jerry Springer: (into his lapel mic) Hey thanks, guys!
(Space Ghost continues under the credits)
Space Ghost: And we worked it from the balcony to below.
Jerry Springer: Nice talking with you. Bye-bye.
C. Ling Tile: Ho-HO!

GUEST STARSJerry SpringerSarah Jessica Parker
WRITTEN BYMatt MaiellaroJim FortierDave Willis
PRODUCED BYMichael CahillMatt MaieliaroDave Willis
OFFLINE EDITMichael Cahill
ONLINE EDITMyron Vazquez
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave WillisJon Schnepp
PRODUCTION COORDINATORBonnie Rosmarin
PRODUCTION MANAGERVishal Roney
TALENT COORDINATORNina Bishop
RE-RECORDING MIXERRoy Clements
NEW ANIMATIONC. Martin CrokerMichael CahillJon Schnepp
MUSIC"Cool The Engines"Courtesy of Boston
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
SPECIAL THANKSTom ScholzBostonDarvin Atkeson
SPACE GHOST'S MALE SECRETARYNathan Cook
HEAD WRITERMatt Maieliaro
SUPERVISING PRODUCERMichael Cahill
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Table Read

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Table Read
Original Air Date:December 2, 1999
Guest Stars:C. Martin Croker, George Lowe, Mike Lazzo, Dave Willis, Jim Fortier, Matt Maiellaro, Mark Banker

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Opening titles)
Cartoon Networkin conjunction withAkins Dynamicandpictures & noisepresentThe Williams Street Players inTable ReadA Cartoon Network Production Copyright MCMXCIX
Director (Sean Akins): Action!
Voice: Was that action?
Director (Sean Akins): Come down here!
(A group of "men" walk down a hallway toward the camera. As they come into focus, we see that they are Mike Lazzo, Matt Maiellaro, Jim Fortier, Mark Banker, Dave Willis, C. Martin Croker and George Lowe.)
George Lowe: Now we're cool. Now everybody stay cool.
Dave Willis: Dude, I...
George Lowe: Hey, how come talent's in the Back...?
(They walk into a room and sit down at a table in a rustic meeting room nestled amongst the rat droppings of Williams Street.)
Mike Lazzo: ...an afterthought.
Mike Lazzo: George, you're over here.
George Lowe: Where am I?
Mike Lazzo: No, no.
George Lowe: I'm over here. Sitting comfortably.
Conan Script"2.8 AB"July 21st2:50 p.m.
Mike Lazzo: Conan script, "2.8 AB", okay. (points to Jim Fortier) Conan, you're gonna be Conan. (points to George Lowe) Space Ghost. (points to C. Martin Croker sometimes known as Clay) Zorak, Moltar. (points to Mark Banker) You'll be doin' the music and effects (Points to Dave Willis) Dave, reading direction. (Points to Matt Maiellaro) Matt, sound effects. Ready when you are.
George Lowe: Written by Mike Lazzo.
Mike Lazzo: Cue...
George Lowe: Produced by Mike Lazzo.
Dave Willis: Open on set. Musical fanfare.
(Mark Banker plays musical fanfare on a small keyboard. It goes on for quite some time, prompting George to look at his watch. Finally, the fanfare stops.)
Jim Fortier: (as Conan) Everytime I think, it's gotta be the last one.
(The musical fanfare starts again)
C. Martin Croker: (as Moltar) Yeah, it's a...little Excessive.
(The fanfare starts yet again)
Jim Fortier: Space Ghost descends from the heavens.
Mike Lazzo: Uh, I think the musical fanfare's a little too long.
George Lowe: No, really, Mike? I was enjoying it.
Mike Lazzo: But not as, not as, it shouldn't be as short as I think you think it should be, but it's slightly long.
George Lowe: I thought it was good.
Mike Lazzo: We did.
George Lowe: Didn't you, Clay?
Mike Lazzo: Little church thing...
Dave Willis: Play.
(Mark Banker plays the fanfare again, much shorter this time)
Dave Willis: Space Ghost descends from the heavens, glowing and god-like.
(The fanfare continues)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Sorry I'm late. I was out saving your life -- in the future!
Jim Fortier/Conan: I don't know what you're talking about, Space Ghost.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: I'm talking about creation!!
Dave Willis: Space Ghost slams his fist down so hard it bursts into flames.
Matt Maiellaro: (makes explosion noise)
C. Martin Croker/Moltar: Ahhh! Burnin' hair. Daddy!
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: Daddy's on fire!
Jim Fortier/Conan: Yes? Can I help you?
Dave Willis: Space Ghost grabs a blue card.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Have ya ever...?
Dave Willis: The card bursts into flames.
Matt Maiellaro: (makes explosion noise)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: I...guess I'll go from memory. Uhhh....
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: Uhhhh.....ummmm.....uhh....
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Uhhhhh....ummmmmm.....uhhh....ummmmmmm.. (smacks Jim in the head with his script) Conan!
Mike Lazzo: When you speak "Uhhh," try and stay with the same, like you just drop your mouth. "Uhhh..."
George Lowe: Uhhhh.....
Mike Lazzo: You know, don't keep interrupting with different "Uhhh"s.
George Lowe: I like "Uhhh."
Mike Lazzo: Just try to be that one stupid "Uhhh."
George Lowe: It was my version of the fanfare. (AS SPACE GHOST) Uhhhhhh....uhhhhhh....
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: Uhhhhhhhh....
Jim Fortier/Conan: You know, when you first came on the air, I thought this guy hasn't got a chance.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Uh-huh.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I mean, no offense...
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Uh-huh.
Jim Fortier/Conan: But you know what I mean? You're from space...
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Huh.
Jim Fortier/Conan: You're a cartoon, and your '60s show really didn't go anywhere.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: It got me a Camaro.
Jim Fortier/Conan: Well, your '60s show wasn't really that great.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: (making car engine noises)
Jim Fortier/Conan: It wasn't very good. (laughing) It wasn't very good.
Dave Willis: Flashback to old Space Ghost episode. Space Ghost has his back to us, shouting.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Well, Jerry. The jig is up! Up in the air! 'Cause you're going down! All the way down! Not up, where the jig is! Where I said before! Where's the damn camera?
Matt Maiellaro: (makes bird noises)
Dave Willis: Giganto bird swoops in and slams Space Ghost.
Mike Lazzo: Uh, in "Well, Jerry, the jig is up"...
George Lowe: Oh yeah, yeah. I could have gone harder on "Where's the..."
Mike Lazzo: It's "WHERE I SAID BEFORE!"
George Lowe: Okay, so I'm still staying in that.
Mike Lazzo: You're still staying in that.
Matt Maiellaro: Yeah.
George Lowe: 'Cause I thought it was a little confused there.
Mike Lazzo: It's confused on "Where's the damn camera?"
George Lowe: But I'm superhero all the way through.
Mike Lazzo: Exactly.
George Lowe: From top to bottom.
Mike Lazzo: "WHERE I SAID BEFORE!"
George Lowe: "WHERE'S THE DAMN CAMERA!"
Mike Lazzo: No, that is...now you're confused.
George Lowe: That's I'm..."Where's the damn camera?"
Mike Lazzo: Exactly.
Matt Maiellaro: Yeah, this is a shot from an old Space Ghost show, and you're actually not even facing the audience. You're, you're standing on this mountain and you're like this, looking out.
C. Martin Croker: It's a rock.
Matt Maiellaro: Yeah.
Mike Lazzo: Yeah.
Matt Maiellaro: Oh, it's a rock? Whatever, yeah. Uhh...I thought, uh, Gigantor bird noise was pretty good.
(The group laughs)
Mike Lazzo: Exactly. And you did a great Wookie, by the way.
George Lowe: Thank you, thank you.
Mike Lazzo: We've been sold on Dave's Wookie.
Dave Willis: Back on set.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: They were space monsters, Conan. Not actors.
Jim Fortier/Conan: Yeah, yeah.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: See him over there? Monster.
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: Where? Where's the monster? (laughs) Givin' me the business! (laughs)
Dave Willis: Conan stares at Zorak.
Jim Fortier/Conan: Is it Moltar?
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: It's Wallace.
C. Martin Croker/Moltar: I'm Wallace too!
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Shut up, Moltar. For argument's sake, let's say Zorak was Wallace. Wild Wallace. What would you do?
Jim Fortier/Conan: I think what I'd do at first is I'd hold my arms out like this...
George Lowe/Space Ghost: So you could have a front-row seat, to be right there to be watching them as you see them being ripped off at the sockets?! You fool.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I don't have a weapon.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Wait, you have a talk show without any weapons?
Jim Fortier/Conan: So always have a weapon?
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Yes.
Jim Fortier/Conan: And what should it do? Should it immobilize people?
George Lowe/Space Ghost: It should destroy everything in a five-click radius, so...yeah, immobilize people.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I'm confused, 'cause there's so many rays. There's a ray that disintegrates people. There's a ray that makes people float.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: And there are some rays I downloaded off the Internet.
Dave Willis: Space Ghost fires the "La Cucaracha" ray and his desk crashes up and down like a low-rider.
(Mark Banker starts playing "La Cucaracha" on the keyboard)
Jim Fortier/Conan: I Iove that ray.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: My neighbor doesn't. So, uh, you've heard of me, right? Space Ghost?
Jim Fortier/Conan: Space Man.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Space Ghost. (to Mark Banker, still playing "La Cucaracha") Thank you. (back to Conan) You've heard of me, right? Space Ghost?
Jim Fortier/Conan: Space Man. You were a space man who died and became a space ghost.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: I've always been dead, Conan.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I know that you don't want the kids to know that you died (fake crying), but you died, baby! You got to get down with that.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: No!
Jim Fortier/Conan: It's true. Everyone should know this. Space Ghost was a space man who had an embarrassing death.
Dave Willis: Flashback. Space Ghost reaches into his aquarium with an electric shaver.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Dr. Fishopolis! You need a shave!
Matt Maiellaro: (makes electric explosion noise.)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Agh! A shave!
Matt Maiellaro: (makes electric explosion noise.)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Agh! A shave!
Matt Maiellaro: (makes electric explosion noise.)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Agh!
Dave Willis: Back to set.
C. Martin Croker/Zorak: A shave! (laughs) A shave! (laughs)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Dr. Fishopolis!!
Mike Lazzo: This Fishopolis thing bothers me back to back like that.
Matt Maiellaro: What if he yelled "No" before it? You're remembering this thing that you made up how you died. Then you come out of this fantasy of how you died.
George Lowe: You're adding "No" there?
Matt Maiellaro: This fish that you've never even owned.
Mike Lazzo: And you're shaving it.
Dave Willis: No! Dr. Fishopolis!
Matt Maiellaro: Yeah, try adding a "No" in front of that.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: No! Dr. Fishopolis!!
Jim Fortier/Conan: Face it, Space Ghost! You're a space man that choked on a muffin!
George Lowe/Space Ghost: No, no. You're thinking of Space Cop.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I saw that on the WB, actually. They'll carry anything. Ha ha ha ha ha!
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Ha ha ha ha ha! Look at my hand, Conan. It's glistening with sweat.
Jim Fortier/Conan: I'm looking at your hand. That's what George Michael said. (laughs) Get it? Because he had that problem?
George Lowe/Space Ghost: (laughs) Laughing is fun!
Matt Maiellaro: Uh, maybe too much there.
Mark Banker: Like, real nonchalant, like, you know, like everybody knows that.
George Lowe: And, and who are you again?
Mark Banker: I'm just Ironside.
George Lowe: I'm sorry, I'm just kidding, Mark, for crying out loud.
Mark Banker: They just bring me in to do it.
George Lowe: Okay.
Mike Lazzo: Okay?
(The group laughs.)
Mike Lazzo: Um, page 6.
George Lowe: He's from the Toronto office. I dreamt I grew a beard of hamburger last night and shaved it off and ate it.
Jim Fortier: Looking at, uh, page 8 at the top, um, "That's what that guy you said earlier said"?
George Lowe: Mm-hmm. You're on where? Now where are we? Where? Where? Where?
Dave Willis: Middle of 8. Or, like, top middle of 8.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Heh, heh. That's what that guy you said earlier said. Ha ha ha ha ha! Get it?
Jim Fortier/Conan: No.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Mike Lazzo: You really need to play these as, as they're written.
Jim Fortier: Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Mike Lazzo: Listen to how he does it, then you follow kind of laughing...
George Lowe/Space Ghost: That's what that guy you said earlier said! Ha ha ha ha!
Mike Lazzo: Exactly. But I wouldn't go exactly like him.
George Lowe: Well, you just said to go exactly like him.
Mike Lazzo: I know I did, and I was completely wrong.
George Lowe: Okay, then.
Mike Lazzo: I would go "Ha ha ha ha!"
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Ha ha ha ha!
Mike Lazzo: Not exactly mimic him. Ha ha ha.
George Lowe: So what's his laugh like?
Jim Fortier: You were doing that fine. I think you're doing that fine.
(The camera starts to pan up away from the table and pans up toward the ceiling.)
Mike Lazzo: You can give him an A. Write it down.
Jim Fortier: There you go.
George Lowe: Oh, okay. A's are good, please. Dave? Can I get a grade on the paper?
Mike Lazzo: Dave, turn your...more toward the...on page 5...
(The camera holds on a shot of the air vents, the sound from which drowns out the voices from the table. After holding the shot for a few seconds, the camera returns to the table.)
Mike Lazzo: All right, what else? We gotta get back...
Jim Fortier: Page five...
Mike Lazzo: Yeah, immobilize people.
George Lowe: No, I'm not. I'm ignoring you.
Matt Maiellaro: So, yeah, immobilize people. That's more sarcastic.
Dave Willis: Yeah, it's like, "No duh." It's like, "Yeah, immobilize people."
Matt Maiellaro: Exactly.
Jim Fortier: Page 8, page 8, George...
George Lowe: You know, I just had a frightening, like animatronic image of Dave's nipples on the slow-motion thing going deet-deet-deet-deet-deet-deet-deet-deet.
Mike Lazzo: We'll have to see if that happens.
George Lowe: Hey, my paper got wet. (makes train whistle noise)
Dave Willis: A train whistle blows.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: To the mines!
Matt Maiellaro: You do it. (group laughs.)
Dave Willis: Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar...
George Lowe: I felt like doing a whistle, so let me.
Matt Maiellaro: I do the whistle every time.
George Lowe: I'm sorry, do the whistle.
Matt Maiellaro: (makes train whistle noise)
George Lowe/Space Ghost: To the mines!
Jim Fortier/Conan: Well, Space Ghost, at the end of an interview, it is traditional for the talk show host to say, "Thanks for being here, Conan. This was Conan O'Brien. Check out his show on NBC at 12:35. For all these people know, my show is a cop show on Fox or something.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Isn't it?
Dave Willis: Isn't it? Just uh...
Mike Lazzo: Yeah.
Dave Willis: "For all these people know, my show is a cop show on Fox or something." You're not even paying attention. You're sort of walking out. "Isn't it?"
George Lowe: I mean, I gave him kind of a knowing, "Isn't it? Isn't it a cop show?"
Dave Willis: It's not like that at all.
George Lowe: No, well, I know. I caught it when I did it, but...
Matt Maiellaro: Just like barely...
George Lowe/Space Ghost: Isn't it?
Matt Maiellaro: You're in a mining car. You're getting ready to go to something else.
George Lowe/Space Ghost: "It isn't?" Can I say, "It isn't?"?
(Pause)
Dave Willis: No.
George Lowe: Okay.
(Group laughs)
Dave Willis: Just say, "Isn't it?"
George Lowe: God no, we wouldn't want to tamper with this, would we?
Dave Willis: Nope.
Mike Lazzo: Any general notes?
Matt Maiellaro: Anybody wondering about the clown?
Mike Lazzo: Credits!
Matt Maiellaro: (makes train whistle noise)

Cast
Space GhostGeorge Lowe
ZorakC. Martin Croker
MoltarC. Martin Croker
Conan O'BrienJim Fortier
NarratorDave Willis
Live Sound EffectsMatt Maiellaro
Mike Lazzo
Musical FanfareMark Banker
Written byDave WillisJim FortierMatt MaiellaroMark Banker
Directors of PhotographyDennis BassarabDon BohannonWing Ko
Edited byMichael Cahill
Music byChauncy Caufield"Sane to You" Courtesy MP3.com
Re-Recording MixerRoy Clements
Line Producer-Assistant DirectorDominique Perez
Production ManagerGwen Tedford
Graphics byMichael CahillArtifact
ColoristJoe Donini
Assistant CameramenBret LaniusDudley Voll
GafferMike Kenny
Key GripAshley Sudge
Sound MixerMichael Filosa
Inervalometer OperatorGeorge Klein
Storyboard ArtistMatthew Jenkins
Hair/Make-Up ArtistSheila Haynes
Best BoyChris Sorel
SwingDonny Fowler
2nd GripMike Pilcher
Boom OperatorJohn Gray
Online EditorMonda Ray
Flame ArtistAndrew Pope
Production InternMarcus Johnson
Craft ServicesRita Byers
CateringCoco Loco
Film StockEastman Kodak Co.
Camera EquipmentCine Photo Tech
Lighting & Grip EquipmentFeature Systems
Film Processing byCineFilm
Telecine/Transfer FacilitiesElectric Transfer
Post Production FacilitiesCartoon Network ProductionsTurner Studios
Synch Sound ServicesDoppler Studios
Post Sweetening FacilitiesSoapBox Studios
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo
Produced & Directed bySean Akins

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Fire Ant

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Fire Ant
Original Air Date:December 9, 1999
Guest Star:Conan O'Brien

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Open on set. Musical Fanfare as the guest monitor with Conan O'Brien inside lowers from the ceiling.The fanfare continues.And continues.And continues some more.Then stops.)
Conan O'Brien: Is that? Where...?
(The fanfare starts again. Space Ghost, attached to a harness, descends from above and lands in his chair.)
Space Ghost: That was awesome.
Conan O'Brien: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Moltar, that was awesome!
Moltar: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Now, if you would, come in here and attach a speaker to my head.
Moltar: Um...(clears throat)...why?
Space Ghost: Because, Moltar, world hunger is something that affects all of us.
Moltar: Of course.
Space Ghost: Conan, I have designed this speaker to amplify my thoughts so people will quit asking me for sandwiches. That should work, right?
Conan O'Brien: I don't know what you're talking about, Space Ghost. My show was...
(A drilling sound is heard.)
Space Ghost: Go ahead, Moltar.
(Moltar finishes attaching the speaker to Space Ghost's head, and a static noise is heard.)
Conan O'Brien: Maybe I should go.
(More static comes out the speaker.)
Conan O'Brien: Huh?
Space Ghost: (More static)
Conan O'Brien: What are you talking about?
Space Ghost: (Static)
Conan O'Brien: "Crash my brow." I'm sorry, I'm not...
Space Ghost: (Static)
Conan O'Brien: Did you say "Prance-a-Tron"?
Space Ghost: Moltar, take this speaker off my head! It was obvioulsy a bad idea that you had!
(An alarm signal sounds in the control room.)
Moltar: Hey, you know, uh...
Space Ghost: You.
Moltar: No rush, but, uh, Alpha Centauri's gonna explode in about 15 seconds.
Space Ghost: And you know of this?
Moltar: Because some friends of mine are doing it.
Space Ghost: Gas up the wench, and I'll need some longer straps. So get me the catalog, my stationery and...
(Alpha Centauri explodes behind him.)
Space Ghost: There's no time! Now hoist me to Alpha Centauri at once! Away!
(Space Ghost is slowly lifted out of his chair as the musical fanfare starts again.)
Space Ghost: Wait a minute. That's the wrong music.
(More dramatic music plays.)
Space Ghost: Thank you. That's better.
(One of the harness straps break, leaving Space Ghost dangling above his desk.)
Space Ghost: Ow! Don't everybody go freakin' out on me. This has happened once before, but I forgot what I did to fix it.
Zorak: Ah, we poked you with sticks until you fell down, remember?
Space Ghost: You sure I didn't harness the power of the sun?
Zorak: No, it was definitely sticks. Beaten with sticks.
Space Ghost: All right. Go get 'em. (To Conan) How's it goin', man?
(Moltar and Zorak beat Space Ghost with sticks as he dangles from the ceiling.)
Space Ghost: Ow! Ooh! Ow! Ow! Not there! Ow! Ow! Oh!
Moltar and Zorak: (Laughing.)
Conan O'Brien: Ouch.
Space Ghost: Hello, Conan!
Conan O'Brien: What, are you still here?
Space Ghost: Welcome to the program!
Conan O'Brien: I'm sorry. I thought the show was over.
Space Ghost: It started?
Conan O'Brien: Yeah. Oh yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay. Well then, greetings I'm Space Ghost.
Conan O'Brien: Space Man.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost.
Conan O'Brien: You were a space man who died and became a space ghost.
Space Ghost: I've always been dead, Conan.
Conan O'Brien: No one can always be dead, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: I was dead long before you were born, Conan, and I'll be dead long before you're dead.
Conan O'Brien: Space Ghost is obviously a space man who died and became a space ghost. Now, I know that you don't want the kids to know that you died (fake crying), but you died, baby! And you got to get down with that.
Space Ghost: NO!
Conan O'Brien: FACE IT, SPACE GHOST!
Space Ghost: NO!
Conan O'Brien: YOU'RE A SPACE MAN THAT CHOKED ON A MUFFIN!
Space Ghost: THAT, SIR, IS IMPOSSIBLE BECAUSE I AM ALLERGIC TO MUFFINS!
Conan O'Brien: Oh, I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Yeah. You're thinking of Muffin Hunter. He's different.
Conan O'Brien: I saw that on the WB, actually. They'll carry anything. (Laughs.)
Space Ghost: Well, they won't carry anything, Conan, because I pitched them a show where Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny were teenagers, and I was a teenager too, and we were all pirates, but every week we would have different jobs and identities. And they called back and said it was stupid!
Conan O'Brien: Well...
Space Ghost: And that I was stupid too! And let me tell ya something. There's nothing stupid about a teenage rabbit teaching good hygiene! Nothing!
(Space Ghost pounds his fist so hard on the desk that it bursts into flames.)
Conan O'Brien: C'mon. Let's just forget it!
Space Ghost: Uh-oh. Look at my hand, Conan.
Conan O'Brien: I'm looking at your hand. (Pause.) That's what George Michael said. (Laughs.) Get it? 'Cause he had that problem?
(Space Ghost's arm is now on fire.)
Moltar: Aggh! Burnin' hair! Daddy!
Zorak: All right! Fire!
Space Ghost: Um, Conan?
Conan O'Brien: Yes? Can I help you?
Space Ghost: Um....
Zorak: Pour gas on him!
Space Ghost: Hobbies? Better get some water.
Conan O'Brien: Space Ghost, you're fumbling. Something's wrong.
(Space Ghost grabs a blue card)
Space Ghost: Conan, have you ever, uh...?
(The card bursts into flames.)
Zorak: Light his other arm!
Space Ghost: Have you ever... Um, dog?
(Space Ghost holds flaming, half-burned card in front of guest monitor.)
Space Ghost: Does this say dog? I guess I'll go from memory.
(Silence as the fire spreads and Space Ghost's head bursts into flames.)
Zorak: (Laughs.)
Conan O'Brien: You know, when you first came on the air...
Space Ghost: Uh-huh.
Conan O'Brien: I thought, "This guy hasn't got a chance." And no offense...
Space Ghost: Right.
Conan O'Brien: But you know what I mean? You're from space...
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Conan O'Brien: You're a cartoon, and your '60s show didn't really go anywhere.
Space Ghost: Well, it got me a Camaro.
Conan O'Brien: Well, your '60s show wasn't that great.
Space Ghost: It was just so sophisticated...
Conan O'Brien: It just wasn't! You were raw. You were unmolded clay.
(Space Ghost is now completely engulfed in flames.)
Space Ghost: Conan, I was improvising! With monsters! My mind was my script, and my brain my only writer...
(Flashback to old "Space Ghost" episode. As Space Ghost says his lines, they are seen as subtitles at the bottom of the screen.)
Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha?
Monster: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(As the monster repeats the chant, Space Ghost starts dancing to the beat.)
Monster: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
Monster and Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(The camera cuts to show Moltar and Zorak standing among various other old "Space Ghost" monsters. A young boy pokes his head out from inside a log.)
Space Ghost: C'mon, Zorak!
Monster and Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(Flashback ends and we return to set.)
Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna...
Conan O'Brien: Are you ready to come back now, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: ...Chowa. This thing, this thing would have been a hit.
Conan O'Brien: It wasn't very good.
Zorak: I know! I only did it for two episodes, and it ruined my career!
Moltar: Yeah, me too!
Zorak: I couldn't get work for five years! So I had to steal things for money!
Moltar: Yeah, me too!
Zorak: Now look at us!
Moltar: They won't even animate us!
Zorak: 'Cause they hate us!
Moltar: It's the worst show we've ever been involved in!
Zorak: We wouldn't even cash our checks!
Moltar: We didn't want the money!
Zorak: We just wanted to be killed!
(Pause.)
Zorak: Conan, look at me when I talk to ya.
Conan O'Brien: Is it Moltar?
Zorak: That's me. Yeah. Moltar.
Moltar: I'm Moltar!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Moltar.
Conan O'Brien: You're Moltar, and you're Zorak.
Zorak: You know what? It's Wallace now.
Moltar: I'm Wallace too!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Wall-tar...Walltor. Moll-usk. That's your name?
Moltar: Ugh.
Space Ghost: Let's say Zorak was Wallace.
Zorak: I am.
Space Ghost: What would you do with Wild Wallace?
Conan O'Brien: I think what I'd do at first, is I'd hold out my arms like this.
Space Ghost: And shove him to death? Oh, good one.
Conan O'Brien: My apologies. So what are you talking about?
Space Ghost: A weapon that will blow his head off!
Conan O'Brien: I don't have a weapon.
Space Ghost: Well, that's very stupid. And you won't make it in television.
Conan O'Brien: So always have a weapon?
Space Ghost: Yes. Or no. Whatever.
Conan O'Brien: Can it be a conventional Earth weapon?
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: Okay. Uh, so a ray.
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: I'm confused 'cause there's so many--
Space Ghost: No. Just forget it, okay?
Conan O'Brien: How'm I doin' so far, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, great. Great. Really great.
Conan O'Brien: Do you really mean that?
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: Because I have a Sincere Meter, and you are way in the red.
Space Ghost: Oh, that is a shame.
Conan O'Brien: I am not showing any sincerity on this.
Space Ghost: I mean a real shame.
Conan O'Brien: Yeah. Sure.
Space Ghost: So, uh, what's your thing? Like I care.
Conan O'Brien: You're so unprepared. Maybe if you sent less time polishing your titanium interspace craft, or adjusting the setting on your ray, if you spent a little more time preparing for the interview, maybe the interviews would go a little better.
Space Ghost: Yeah, me too.
(Space Ghost notices an ant next to his foot and bends down for a closer look.)
Conan O'Brien: You seem baffled, Space Ghost. What's wrong?
Space Ghost: I'm lookin' at this ant. I think this is the ant that bit me.
Conan O'Brien: You're pathetic.
Space Ghost: Hold on, Conan. (To ant) That's it, c'mon. OWWW!!!
(Space Ghost blasts the ant.)
Space Ghost: Try biting me now, ant! From the afterlife!
Conan O'Brien: You know, I've been interviewed by all of them. Regis. Kathie Lee. Regis and Kathie Lee.
Space Ghost: Right.
Conan O'Brien: I'd like to say that I think this show is very bad...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Conan O'Brien: ...and should be stopped.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Conan O'Brien: I think you're a bad person, and don't take this the wrong way...
Space Ghost: All right.
Conan O'Brien: ...but I think you represent evil...
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Conan O'Brien: ...and your presence makes any kind of progress in the universe impossible.
Space Ghost: Hold on a second, Conan. Moltar? This ant has come back from the dead. It must be one of those self-repeating, immortal Franken-ants.
Moltar: It's probably just another, different ant.
Space Ghost: A second ant? No, no. It's his brother avenging the death of his twin! It's his twin brother!
Conan O'Brien: Really?
Space Ghost: I'm gonna follow him home. Kill his whole family.
(As Conan talks, Space Ghost starts following the ant across the set.)
Conan O'Brien: Well, Space Ghost, at the end of an interview, it's traditional for the talk show host to say, "Thanks for being here, Conan. This was Conan O'Brien. Check out his show on NBC at 12:35." You didn't do that. You completely blew me off. For all these people know, my show is a cop show on, uh, Fox or something, thanks to you.
Space Ghost: Isn't it?
Conan O'Brien: Where you goin'?
Space Ghost: The sand.
(Space Ghost continues to slowly follow the ant.)
Conan O'Brien: Anyone want to do anything?
Zorak: Nah. I've done it all.
Conan O'Brien: (Points to Moltar) Hey, do you want to, uh...?
Moltar: With you?
Conan O'Brien: ...by any...
Moltar: Uh, no.
Conan O'Brien: No?
Moltar: No.
Conan O'Brien: 'Cause I don't have, I have plenty of free time. I, I have nothin'...hello? Where?
(The lights in the studio go out as Space Ghost follows the ant past Zorak's keyboard.)
Conan O'Brien: You guys...
Zorak: That's right. You keep crawlin', baby.
Conan O'Brien: Okay, well. I'll just be here. I'll be here in the morning if anyone needs me.
(For the next 10 -- yes, 10 -- minutes, Space Ghost follows the ant. As he hums to himself, he travels through the halls of Ghost Planet Industries, outside the building, over a rock, down a mountainside...)
Space Ghost: Ants are so stupid.
(He continues down the mountain, over and under a cliff...)
Space Ghost: I am going to so kill you.
(And he follows some more, knocking his head into a rock, through the Ghost Planet wildnerness, below the surface of a pond, past an underwater city, back above the surface of the pond, through more wilderness, over a sandy plain, across a desert...)
Space Ghost: This time tomorrow, you'll be dead. You down with that? 'Cause it's gonna happen.
(Finally -- FINALLY -- Space Ghost arrives at the ant's house, where he finds a giant ant monster.)
Space Ghost: Hey, your son just bit me here! I want to know what you're gonna do about it!
(The ant monsters roar and chase after Space Ghost.)
Space Ghost: (Running away) Your son is a moron!

Guest StarConan O'Brien
Written ByDave WillisMatt MaiellaroJim FortierMark Banker
VoicesGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
Offline EditEdward Hastings
Online EditJay Bellissimo
Production CoordinatorBonnie Rosmarin
Production ManagerVishal Roney
Talent CoordinatorNina Bishop
Re-Recording MixerRoy Clements
New AnimationJon Schnepp
Production AssistantsMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
Special ThanksJay Edwards
ProducerAndy Merrill
Head WriterMatt Maiellaro
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


King Dead

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:King Dead
Original Air Date:December 16, 1999
Guest Star:Jon Benjamin

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Open on set. Space Ghost is outside the glass yelling to Zorak and Moltar inside.)
Space Ghost: -king dead! And if you don't open the door and let me in, you're fired.
Zorak: Well, we're not opening the door. How ya like that?
Space Ghost: Then you are completely fired!
Moltar: Good! We didn't want to work here anyway!
Space Ghost: Good! 'Cause now you don't!
Zorak: Good! 'Cause we're leaving!
Space Ghost: Good! 'Cause that's good!
Zorak: Good!
Moltar: Pfft! Good!
(Moltar and Zorak walk off set)
Space Ghost: Good!
(Pause)
Space Ghost: Hey! Hey! (knocks on window) Brak! (knocks again) C'mere, buddy! C'mere.
(Brak walks on set)
Space Ghost: Open the door.
Brak: No!
Space Ghost: I have beans.
Brak: Somebody say "beans"?
(Brak races to the door off-camera)
Brak: Who likes beans?!
Space Ghost: Press, press the blue button.
Brak: Yellow!
Space Ghost: No, not the yellow--
Brak: Yellow button!
Space Ghost: No...not that one.
Brak: It's lemony! And lemony's better than...AGGGHHH!!!
(Brak gets hurled into space. Meanwhile, Moltar and Zorak are in the airlock.)
Zorak: Freedom!
Moltar: Yeah!
Brak: AGGGHHHH!!!!
Moltar: What do you wanna do?
Zorak: Let's start a band!
Moltar: Yeah! We'll call it "Freedom"! I like that.
Zorak: That sucks!
Moltar: But "freedom" rhymes with "We from," like "We from the land of rock!"
(Zorak closes the airlock door)
Moltar: What? It's good!
(Back to set, where Space Ghost and Brak are now both stuck behind the glass.)
Brak: Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Shut up. Hey! (knocks on glass). Tansut! Hey!
(Tansut walks on set)
Tansut: Did somebody just yell, "Tansut!"?
Space Ghost: Hey, come over here, buddy. Yeah, open the door. (Tansut walks to the door off-camera) Press, press the blue button.
Tansut: Oh, the pretty one?
Space Ghost: That's right.
Brak: But oh boy, do the yellow button!
Space Ghost: No.
Brak: Yellow!
Space Ghost: No.
Tansut: Agggghhh!! I went flying!!!
(Tansut is hurled into space, where he flies past Space Ghost's apartment. Cut to inside, where we find Moltar and Zorak. Zorak is playing guitar while Moltar stands on the TV.)
Zorak: Moltar, c'mon! Rip it up!
(Moltar jumps off the TV to reveal a keyboard hung around his neck. He plays a light melody to accompany Zorak's metal guitar.)
Zorak: I said to rock, not to suck! (singing)
(Back to set, where Brak, Tansut and Space Ghost are all stuck outside the glass)
Tansut: Why don't you just Inviso in there?
Space Ghost: No, this is what we'll do. (Brak and Tansut start walking toward the door) I will take on the form of steam and enter through the mail slot. Form of steam! Form of steam!
(Brak and Tansut walk back on set)
Space Ghost: Form of steam. Form of steam. Form of steam. Form of steam.
(Space Ghost looks at Tansut and Brak)
Space Ghost: You've wasted all the steam!
(Meanwhile, Zorak and Moltar are still jamming at Space Ghost's apartment. Suddenly, the power goes out.)
Zorak: Ya see that? Ya sucked all the lights out!
Moltar: No, I blew the fuse's mind.
Zorak: God.
Moltar: Wait!
(Moltar suddenly disappears but Zorak misses it because he turns his head)
Zorak: God, you're dumb.
Moltar: Where'd I go?
Zorak: Eh, let's just make some prank Calls.
(Moltar reappears)
Moltar: Oh, I'm back.
Zorak: Quit lookin' at me.
(Back to set. Space Ghost starts the show as Tansut passes in front of the camera.)
Space Ghost: Greetings!
Tansut: And greetings to you, sir!
Space Ghost: I'm Space Ghost! And welcome to the big show! Tonight--
Tansut: And I'm Tansut. I'll be your director tonight!
Space Ghost: Yeah, good. Well, I was just--
Tansut: Is it bad if a chicken bites you?
Space Ghost: Did a chicken bite you?
Tansut: Well, no. But he's gonna!
Space Ghost: Then go away from the chicken!
(Time passes)
Brak: Hello, my peeps! Peace out!
Space Ghost: Brak, just shut up and play me to the desk.
Brak: But did ya know...!
Tansut: (facing the curtain and muttering to himself.) Then go away from the chicken...
Space Ghost: Tansut! Is the guest ready?
Tansut: I don't know! I'm not in the control room! Unless this is the control room! Is it?
Space Ghost: (sighs.) Brak, play me to the desk.
(Space Ghost invisos to desk)
Brak: (singing) Where'd he go? I don't know! Where's that Space Ghost? Where'd he go? To the desk!
Space Ghost: Thank you.
Brak: (high-pitched singing.) Da-da-da!! DA DA DAAAAAAAA! DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
(The guest monitor starts to drop, then gets stuck)
Space Ghost: And now the monitor is actually lowering. Tansut?
Tansut: Oh! I'll fix it!
(The monitor goes back up toward the ceiling.)
Brak: You should interview a dinosaur!
Space Ghost: Forget it.
Brak: 'Cause I saw them once in a movie...'cause people don't see 'em!
Space Ghost: Yep, we'll do that. Never.
Brak: They don't live here.
(Space Ghost stands up to talk to Jon Benjamin. The shot is cut off so we can't see their eyes.)
Space Ghost: Jon, you ever notice the word "home" appears in a lot of songs?
Brak: They live on the dinosaur world.
Space Ghost: People always goin' home or comin' home.
Jon Benjamin: I guess you're right.
Space Ghost: They never write songs about buyin' a home, though, do they? That seems weird to me.
Jon Benjamin: D'oh, Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Hang on a second, Jon.
(Space Ghost jumps on top of the guest monitor and stomps it down to its normal position, prompting loud laughter from Brak.)
Jon Benjamin: Should a... Ha! Ha!
Space Ghost: Jon.
Jon Benjamin: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Have you seen that show, Jon?
Jon Benjamin: The Dr. Katz show, that's the show you're talking about?
Space Ghost: No, not that show, Jon. The show I'm talking about has skeletal dogs.
Jon Benjamin: Oh well, tell me about it.
Space Ghost: Well, it's got dog skeletons with the bones that dogs do have. You know, I mean, the ones they own. That are in their body. Under the fur.
Jon Benjamin: Is it that great?
Space Ghost: Well, it hasn't aired yet, Jon, but I'm sure that it will.
Jon Benjamin: But you obviously haven't seen it.
Space Ghost: That's what I sh...that's what I meant to say when I said I had seen it, is that I want to see it. That's what I should have said.
(A phone rings)
Jon Benjamin: I am not taking calls right now. That's all there is to it.
Space Ghost: But it's my phone, Jon. And it's 'ranging'.
Jon Benjamin: Let it ring.
Space Ghost: But what if somebody's calling?
Jon Benjamin: Uh, take a message.
Space Ghost: All right. (answers phone) What's your message?
(Zorak is in Space Ghost's apartment on his phone)
Zorak: Please! Help me! I am being attacked!
Moltar: And you're a woman.
Zorak: And, uh, I'm a woman.
Moltar: Hang up. He'll be here any minute.
Space Ghost: She'd be dead by the time I got there.
(Space Ghost's phone rings again)
Space Ghost: Oh god. (answers phones) Greetings!
Moltar: Come to your house.
Space Ghost: You know, from now on, could you call me before the attack? 'Cause otherwise you're just wasting my time.
Moltar: Oh no, see, uh, I'm a cable guy.
Space Ghost: Cable?
Moltar: And I'm a woman.
Jon Benjamin: Can you tell her to call back?
Space Ghost: I'll try.
(Cut to Space Ghost in "Dr. Katz"-style animation)
Space Ghost: But cable is important.
Moltar: There's some good stuff on right now. And, uh, you oughta be here watchin' it.
(Space Ghost takes off)
Jon Benjamin: Is he gonna come back, or is that definitely not...?
Brak: Who?
Jon Benjamin: The guy that was right there.
Brak: He's gone?!
(Music starts as Brak suddenly sports a giant Carmen Miranda-style hat of fruit.)
Brak: Who likes beans?
Tansut: I like beans!
Brak: I love beans! Wooo woo woo!!
(Cut to Zorak in Space Ghost's house.)
Zorak: Now what?
Moltar: Uh, he's comin' here, so we should probably go there. That works, right?
Zorak: Eh, and crank call him here from over there.
Moltar: Yes! And as he picks up the phone, we'll jump out and kill him with zombies! (laughs as Zorak stares.) What's wrong with that?
(Back to Space Ghost set)
Brak: (singing) I'm gonna strip! I'm gonna take off my clothes! I'm gonna undress! I'm gonna take off my--
Moltar: Knock it off! (slams a dissonant chord on the keyboard.) This ain't no Cartoon Planet.
Brak: You coulda just turned it off.
Zorak: Brak, put your clothes back on.
Jon Benjamin: There's nothing wrong with a beautiful body. I'm saying if you have it, you, it's there for a reason. Show it around.
Zorak: Oh ho ho, we are so taking that TV.
(Back at his house, Space Ghost is watching a skeletal dog on TV)
Space Ghost: These shows sure are something. I'm glad I'm watching them.
(The phone rings)
Space Ghost: (answers.) Space Ghost residence! Space Ghost speaking!
Moltar: Come back here, to the studio.
Space Ghost: Can you hold on a second?
Moltar: Uh, sure.
(Space Ghost holds the phone away from his ear so he can pay attention to "Circus of the Barking Dead" on the TV.)
Moltar: Hello?
Space Ghost: No, I'm here. I'm here.
Moltar: Look, you want your cable cut off?
Space Ghost: No! Precious cable! I will give every hair on my body for it!
Moltar: Then get back to the studio!
(Space Ghost zips back to the studio, where the guest monitor is missing.)
Space Ghost: Tansut, where's my TV?
Tansut: I'm stripping!
Space Ghost: Yeah, I know. Where's my TV?
Tansut: (has his shirt off.) The case of the missing TV.
Brak: (has his shirt off.) Fa-na-da-DAAAAA!!!
Space Ghost: What's wrong with you? (cut to Zorak at Space Ghost's house, talking into the guest monitor.)
Zorak: Look at these muscles!
Jon Benjamin: Wow, they're really bouncy.
Zorak: What do you mean by that?
Jon Benjamin: Well, you know you're middle-age, and sometimes things settle.
Zorak: How dare you say that to me!
Jon Benjamin: Sorry.
Moltar: Should I unleash the zombies?
Zorak: Look, man, that's just, uh, very unrealistic.
Space Ghost: (speaking on his TV) Viewers of the world! One of you took my television! And I want it back! Tansut, tell me--
(The shot suddenly switches to Brak. Space Ghost goes to the control room, where Tansut is still undressed.)
Space Ghost: Did you get that?
Tansut: My navel can hold a quart of bean dip.
Brak: Somebody say beans?
(Music starts and Brak again pops up wearing his giant Carmen Miranda fruit hat)
Brak: Who likes beans?
(The shot in the monitor cuts to Zorak)
Zorak: So, Ghost, we meet again! (laughs.)
Space Ghost: Zorak, someone stole my TV, and it wasn't me! 'Cause it's mine! You get me?
(Zorak punches Jon Benjamin in the stolen guest monitor)
Zorak: We have your guest!
Space Ghost: And my TV!
Zorak: And we have many demands that are very unreasonable!
Moltar: And disorganized! We have to sort them out and prioritize! 'Cause some of the demands maybe aren't as strong as others, and still others aren't as outrageous so they go in a separate box and the what, uh...from the...uh...
Zorak: Just give us two weeks!
(Two weeks later. Zorak lands in the control room holding a tape, which Space Ghost grabs)
Zorak: Here.
Space Ghost: Thank you.
Zorak: You're welcome.
Brak: You're welcome! No, you're welcome! No, you're welcome!
(Space Ghost cuts Brak off by playing the tape in the control room monitor. He searches through the tape.)
Zorak: Keep goin'.
Space Ghost: Okay, Aunt Grabby, here it comes.
(A movie preview-style screen pops up with a warning:)
The following preview has been approved by all aliens in the Intergalactic Motion Picture Empire.
This motion picture has been rated U due to unreasonable demands.
Announcer: They came from different worlds, then they kidnapped Jon Benjamin and took him to someone's apartment. And that's when they made...Unreasonable Demands!
Zorak: I want a pet I can love, but I don't want to take care of it!
Moltar: Okay, we rollin'?
Announcer: Only one thing can stop them, and that thing doesn't exist. Yet.
Jon Benjamin: Well, I just...
Zorak: You get nothing!
Jon Benjamin: Would you let me go on? I mean, why interrupt?
Moltar: 'Cause we're rude!
Jon Benjamin: Can I have my sucker back?
Announcer: Unreasonable Demands!
Zorak: We get it, or he gets it! Or you get it! Ya get it?
Announcer: Get it - this Christmas! Unreasonable Commands! This film is not yet rated.
(Graphic on screen reads:
This film is not yet rated.
X55 approval pending - content insured Contact - Zenylox, Juggler of the Stars)
Brak: I'm goin' to the movies!
Tansut: Me too!
Space Ghost: Wait a minute! Computer, zoom in.
(Computer zooms in on painting of Golden Gate Bridge on Space Ghost's wall.)
Automated Voice: Enhancing. Enhancing complete.
Space Ghost: That's the bridge I painted. It's like they filmed this tape recording in an exact replica of my apartment. Wait a minute! They must be in my apartment! But wait a minute...
Automated Voice: Yellow.
Space Ghost: How'm I gonna get in there?
Automated Voice: Block.
Space Ghost: Wait a minute. I have the keys. Perfect!
(Cut to Moltar in Space Ghost's apartment.)
Moltar: Maybe what we oughta do, is we die, and then we come back as zombies.
Zorak: Just give the whole zombie thing a rest, all right?
Moltar: But zombies don't rest, see? That's the beauty. They feast on living brains.
Space Ghost: ATTENTION!
(Space Ghost is standing outside his apartment speaking through a megaphone.)
Space Ghost: I HAVE THE KEYS! IT IS MY APARTMENT!
Zorak: Oh no, the keys!
Space Ghost: IF YOU'RE WATCHING MY CABLE, PLEASE DESCRIBE WHAT'S ON!
Zorak: What about our unreasonable demands?
Space Ghost: YOU DIDN'T LIST ANY. LOOKS LIKE YOUR MOVIE IS GOING DIRECTLY TO VIDEO. VIDEO PRISON!
Zorak: Oh yeah? Well, we're sending Benjamin out in pieces!
Space Ghost: THAT'LL BE FINE. JUST DON'T TOUCH MY TV, OKAY? OR YOU'RE --KING DEAD! (CLEARS THROAT) SO, UH, WHAT ARE YOU ALL WATCHING?
Zorak: Hang on. It's, it's on, but we're not watching it.
Space Ghost: YOU'RE WASTING IT! I'M COMING IN!
(Space Ghost enters his apartment, where Moltar and Zorak are standing with lampshades on their heads.)
Space Ghost: Hmm. These aren't my lamps. These have feet. This must not be my apartment.
(Jon Benjamin laughs from the guest monitor, which is also under a lampshade.)
Space Ghost: I'd better go get a new apartment.
(Cut to Burial Ground Apartments - Now Renting. Space Ghost is standing inside a cursed apartment with a toaster, a boot, a scary photo, a book called "Matt's Mind" by Maiellaro, another book called "The Spells of Love" by Willis, a fork and other various items swirling around him.)
Space Ghost: I'm not going to let them get me. I'm not. I'm not gonna let them get me.
(Credits roll)

Guest StarJon Benjamin
Written ByDave WillisMatt MaiellaroPete SmithJim FortierMark Banker
VoicesGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave WillisAndy MerrillDon Kennedy
Offline EditJon Schnepp
Online EditJay Bellissimo
Production CoordinatorBonnie Rosmarin
Production ManagerVishal Roney
Talent CoordinatorNina Bishop
Re-Recording MixerRoy Clements
New AnimationJon Schnepp
GuitarsMatt MaiellaroEric Wachtman
MusicMan or Astroman?
Production AssistantsMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
Head WriterMatt Maiellaro
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 1999 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Fire Ant (short version)

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Fire Ant (short version)
Original Air Date:January 2, 2000
Guest Star:Conan O'Brien

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Open on set. Musical Fanfare as the guest monitor with Conan O'Brien inside lowers from the ceiling.The fanfare continues.And continues.And continues some more.Then stops.)
Conan O'Brien: Is that? Where...?
(The fanfare starts again. Space Ghost, attached to a harness, descends from above and lands in his chair.)
Space Ghost: That was awesome.
Conan O'Brien: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Moltar, that was awesome!
Moltar: Thank you.
Space Ghost: Now, if you would, come in here and attach a speaker to my head.
Moltar: Um...(clears throat)...why?
Space Ghost: Because, Moltar, world hunger is something that affects all of us.
Moltar: Of course.
Space Ghost: Conan, I have designed this speaker to amplify my thoughts so people will quit asking me for sandwiches. That should work, right?
Conan O'Brien: I don't know what you're talking about, Space Ghost. My show was...
(A drilling sound is heard.)
Space Ghost: Go ahead, Moltar.
(Moltar finishes attaching the speaker to Space Ghost's head, and a static noise is heard.)
Conan O'Brien: Maybe I should go.
(More static comes out the speaker.)
Conan O'Brien: Huh?
Space Ghost: (More static)
Conan O'Brien: What are you talking about?
Space Ghost: (Static)
Conan O'Brien: "Crash my brow." I'm sorry, I'm not...
Space Ghost: (Static)
Conan O'Brien: Did you say "Prance-a-Tron"?
Space Ghost: Moltar, take this speaker off my head! It was obvioulsy a bad idea that you had!
(An alarm signal sounds in the control room.)
Moltar: Hey, you know, uh...
Space Ghost: You.
Moltar: No rush, but, uh, Alpha Centauri's gonna explode in about 15 seconds.
Space Ghost: And you know of this?
Moltar: Because some friends of mine are doing it.
Space Ghost: Gas up the wench, and I'll need some longer straps. So get me the catalog, my stationery and...
(Alpha Centauri explodes behind him.)
Space Ghost: There's no time! Now hoist me to Alpha Centauri at once! Away!
(Space Ghost is slowly lifted out of his chair as the musical fanfare starts again.)
Space Ghost: Wait a minute. That's the wrong music.
(More dramatic music plays.)
Space Ghost: Thank you. That's better.
(One of the harness straps break, leaving Space Ghost dangling above his desk.)
Space Ghost: Ow! Don't everybody go freakin' out on me. This has happened once before, but I forgot what I did to fix it.
Zorak: Ah, we poked you with sticks until you fell down, remember?
Space Ghost: You sure I didn't harness the power of the sun?
Zorak: No, it was definitely sticks. Beaten with sticks.
Space Ghost: All right. Go get 'em. (To Conan) How's it goin', man?
(Moltar and Zorak beat Space Ghost with sticks as he dangles from the ceiling.)
Space Ghost: Ow! Ooh! Ow! Ow! Not there! Ow! Ow! Oh!
Moltar and Zorak: (Laughing.)
Conan O'Brien: Ouch.
Space Ghost: Hello, Conan!
Conan O'Brien: What, are you still here?
Space Ghost: Welcome to the program!
Conan O'Brien: I'm sorry. I thought the show was over.
Space Ghost: It started?
Conan O'Brien: Yeah. Oh yeah.
Space Ghost: Okay. Well then, greetings I'm Space Ghost.
Conan O'Brien: Space Man.
Space Ghost: Space Ghost.
Conan O'Brien: You were a space man who died and became a space ghost.
Space Ghost: I've always been dead, Conan.
Conan O'Brien: No one can always be dead, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: I was dead long before you were born, Conan, and I'll be dead long before you're dead.
Conan O'Brien: Space Ghost is obviously a space man who died and became a space ghost. Now, I know that you don't want the kids to know that you died (fake crying), but you died, baby! And you got to get down with that.
Space Ghost: NO!
Conan O'Brien: FACE IT, SPACE GHOST!
Space Ghost: NO!
Conan O'Brien: YOU'RE A SPACE MAN THAT CHOKED ON A MUFFIN!
Space Ghost: THAT, SIR, IS IMPOSSIBLE BECAUSE I AM ALLERGIC TO MUFFINS!
Conan O'Brien: Oh, I'm sorry.
Space Ghost: Yeah. You're thinking of Muffin Hunter. He's different.
Conan O'Brien: I saw that on the WB, actually. They'll carry anything. (Laughs.)
Space Ghost: Well, they won't carry anything, Conan, because I pitched them a show where Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny were teenagers, and I was a teenager too, and we were all pirates, but every week we would have different jobs and identities. And they called back and said it was stupid!
Conan O'Brien: Well...
Space Ghost: And that I was stupid too! And let me tell ya something. There's nothing stupid about a teenage rabbit teaching good hygiene! Nothing!
(Space Ghost pounds his fist so hard on the desk that it bursts into flames.)
Conan O'Brien: C'mon. Let's just forget it!
Space Ghost: Uh-oh. Look at my hand, Conan.
Conan O'Brien: I'm looking at your hand. (Pause.) That's what George Michael said. (Laughs.) Get it? 'Cause he had that problem?
(Space Ghost's arm is now on fire.)
Moltar: Aggh! Burnin' hair! Daddy!
Zorak: All right! Fire!
Space Ghost: Um, Conan?
Conan O'Brien: Yes? Can I help you?
Space Ghost: Um....
Zorak: Pour gas on him!
Space Ghost: Hobbies? Better get some water.
Conan O'Brien: Space Ghost, you're fumbling. Something's wrong.
(Space Ghost grabs a blue card)
Space Ghost: Conan, have you ever, uh...?
(The card bursts into flames.)
Zorak: Light his other arm!
Space Ghost: Have you ever... Um, dog?
(Space Ghost holds flaming, half-burned card in front of guest monitor.)
Space Ghost: Does this say dog? I guess I'll go from memory.
(Silence as the fire spreads and Space Ghost's head bursts into flames.)
Zorak: (Laughs.)
Conan O'Brien: You know, when you first came on the air...
Space Ghost: Uh-huh.
Conan O'Brien: I thought, "This guy hasn't got a chance." And no offense...
Space Ghost: Right.
Conan O'Brien: But you know what I mean? You're from space...
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Conan O'Brien: You're a cartoon, and your '60s show didn't really go anywhere.
Space Ghost: Well, it got me a Camaro.
Conan O'Brien: Well, your '60s show wasn't that great.
Space Ghost: It was just so sophisticated...
Conan O'Brien: It just wasn't! You were raw. You were unmolded clay.
(Space Ghost is now completely engulfed in flames.)
Space Ghost: Conan, I was improvising! With monsters! My mind was my script, and my brain my only writer...
(Flashback to old "Space Ghost" episode. As Space Ghost says his lines, they are seen as subtitles at the bottom of the screen.)
Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha?
Monster: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(As the monster repeats the chant, Space Ghost starts dancing to the beat.)
Monster: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
Monster and Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(The camera cuts to show Moltar and Zorak standing among various other old "Space Ghost" monsters. A young boy pokes his head out from inside a log.)
Space Ghost: C'mon, Zorak!
Monster and Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha!
(Flashback ends and we return to set.)
Space Ghost: Hoona Igna Chowa Neha! Hoona Igna...
Conan O'Brien: Are you ready to come back now, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: ...Chowa. This thing, this thing would have been a hit.
Conan O'Brien: It wasn't very good.
Zorak: I know! I only did it for two episodes, and it ruined my career!
Moltar: Yeah, me too!
Zorak: I couldn't get work for five years! So I had to steal things for money!
Moltar: Yeah, me too!
Zorak: Now look at us!
Moltar: They won't even animate us!
Zorak: 'Cause they hate us!
Moltar: It's the worst show we've ever been involved in!
Zorak: We wouldn't even cash our checks!
Moltar: We didn't want the money!
Zorak: We just wanted to be killed!
(Pause.)
Zorak: Conan, look at me when I talk to ya.
Conan O'Brien: Is it Moltar?
Zorak: That's me. Yeah. Moltar.
Moltar: I'm Moltar!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Moltar.
Conan O'Brien: You're Moltar, and you're Zorak.
Zorak: You know what? It's Wallace now.
Moltar: I'm Wallace too!
Space Ghost: Shut up, Wall-tar...Walltor. Moll-usk. That's your name?
Moltar: Ugh.
Space Ghost: Let's say Zorak was Wallace.
Zorak: I am.
Space Ghost: What would you do with Wild Wallace?
Conan O'Brien: I think what I'd do at first, is I'd hold out my arms like this.
Space Ghost: And shove him to death? Oh, good one.
Conan O'Brien: My apologies. So what are you talking about?
Space Ghost: A weapon that will blow his head off!
Conan O'Brien: I don't have a weapon.
Space Ghost: Well, that's very stupid. And you won't make it in television.
Conan O'Brien: So always have a weapon?
Space Ghost: Yes. Or no. Whatever.
Conan O'Brien: Can it be a conventional Earth weapon?
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: Okay. Uh, so a ray.
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: I'm confused 'cause there's so many--
Space Ghost: No. Just forget it, okay?
Conan O'Brien: How'm I doin' so far, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, great. Great. Really great.
Conan O'Brien: Do you really mean that?
Space Ghost: No.
Conan O'Brien: Because I have a Sincere Meter, and you are way in the red.
Space Ghost: Oh, that is a shame.
Conan O'Brien: I am not showing any sincerity on this.
Space Ghost: I mean a real shame.
Conan O'Brien: Yeah. Sure.
Space Ghost: So, uh, what's your thing? Like I care.
Conan O'Brien: You're so unprepared. Maybe if you sent less time polishing your titanium interspace craft, or adjusting the setting on your ray, if you spent a little more time preparing for the interview, maybe the interviews would go a little better.
Space Ghost: Yeah, me too.
(Space Ghost notices an ant next to his foot and bends down for a closer look.)
Conan O'Brien: You seem baffled, Space Ghost. What's wrong?
Space Ghost: I'm lookin' at this ant. I think this is the ant that bit me.
Conan O'Brien: You're pathetic.
Space Ghost: Hold on, Conan. (To ant) That's it, c'mon. OWWW!!!
(Space Ghost blasts the ant.)
Space Ghost: Try biting me now, ant! From the afterlife!
Conan O'Brien: You know, I've been interviewed by all of them. Regis. Kathie Lee. Regis and Kathie Lee.
Space Ghost: Right.
Conan O'Brien: I'd like to say that I think this show is very bad...
Space Ghost: Okay.
Conan O'Brien: ...and should be stopped.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Conan O'Brien: I think you're a bad person, and don't take this the wrong way...
Space Ghost: All right.
Conan O'Brien: ...but I think you represent evil...
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Conan O'Brien: ...and your presence makes any kind of progress in the universe impossible.
Space Ghost: Hold on a second, Conan. Moltar? This ant has come back from the dead. It must be one of those self-repeating, immortal Franken-ants.
Moltar: It's probably just another, different ant.
Space Ghost: A second ant? No, no. It's his brother avenging the death of his twin! It's his twin brother!
Conan O'Brien: Really?
Space Ghost: I'm gonna follow him home. Kill his whole family.
(As Conan talks, Space Ghost starts following the ant across the set.)
Conan O'Brien: Well, Space Ghost, at the end of an interview, it's traditional for the talk show host to say, "Thanks for being here, Conan. This was Conan O'Brien. Check out his show on NBC at 12:35." You didn't do that. You completely blew me off. For all these people know, my show is a cop show on, uh, Fox or something, thanks to you.
Space Ghost: Isn't it?
Conan O'Brien: Where you goin'?
Space Ghost: The sand.
The Next Day
Space Ghost: That's right, I'm following you. Just keep walking. For every three hundred little steps your ant feet take, I take only one. That's it, run, run home. Take me to your family, where they will pay with my vengeance.
(Space Ghost arrives at the ant's house. A sliding door opens, revealing a giant ant monster.)
Space Ghost: Hey, your son just bit me here! I want to know what you're gonna do about it!
(The ant monsters roar and chase after Space Ghost.)
Space Ghost: (Running away) Your son is a moron!

Guest StarConan O'Brien
Written ByDave WillisMatt MaiellaroJim FortierMark Banker
VoicesGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
Offline EditEdward Hastings
Online EditJay Bellissimo
Production CoordinatorBonnie Rosmarin
Production ManagerVishal Roney
Talent CoordinatorNina Bishop
Re-Recording MixerRoy Clements
New AnimationJon Schnepp
Production AssistantsMaya McClureNatali Tesche-Ricciardi
Special ThanksJay Edwards
ProducerAndy Merrill
Head WriterMatt Maiellaro
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2000 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Snatch (alternate ending)

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Snatch (alternate ending)
Original Air Date:January 27, 2000
Guest Star:Steven Wright

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Black screen with legend in lower left corner:)
Friday11:04 p.m.
Steven Wright: (voiceover) My long lost father, finally you... (appears on-screen in guest monitor) you admit that you're my father.
Space Ghost: (with Steven Wright hair) Yeah, well, good luck proving it.
Moltar: Space Ghost! I'm pickin' up four unidentified heat sources on my monitor screen.
Space Ghost: Well, they're probably just creatures, Moltar. (pause) Space creatures.
Moltar: They just violated our air space.
Space Ghost: Bring me my monocle. I want to look rich.
Friday11:05 p.m.
Steven Wright: And that other father that they told me was my father, is he a stepfather or just a stranger posing...
Space Ghost: (reading magazine) Uh, I don't know. Have you seen this? (shows Wright Magazine)
Steven Wright: Wow.
Space Ghost: Yeah!
Steven Wright: Do you like human women?
Space Ghost: I like these twins.
Moltar: Here's an update on those flying, dangerous space creatures...
Space Ghost: Fill me in.
Moltar: They just entered the building through the loading dock.
Space Ghost: Really?
(Pause, goes back to reading magazine)
Friday11:09 p.m.
Steven Wright: Under these clothes I'm wearing, (a green pod is now in front of Space Ghost's desk) I'm wearing a ballerina outfit.
Space Ghost: Yeah. What's this pod doing here?
Zorak: Replicating.
Space Ghost: Replicating what?
Zorak: Uhhh....us.
(Dramatic sting music as camera cuts to various pods thoughout the set sitting next to Moltar, Zorak, Wright and Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Oh no! Replicating pods! The kind that keep you up all night with their coughing!
Moltar: No, the kind that copy your DNA, kill you off, and take over while you sleep!
Space Ghost: With their coughing.
Moltar: Ugh...did you hear what I just sai-?
Space Ghost: No one sleeps with my grandmother! Right?
Zorak: Right. (off camera) From now on.
Space Ghost: This is for Nana! (Blasts one of the pods. The pod grows larger)
Zorak: It's feeding on the rays!
Space Ghost: It's the rays! It's... it's feeding on them! (screams like a woman) What should I do?
Zorak: Heh heh heh! Shoot it some more!
Space Ghost: But it seems to be feeding on the rays!
Moltar: Then stop shootin' it!
Space Ghost: Do what now? Oh! (stops shooting) Dang it! Well, it looks like they can't be killed. Uh, here Zorak, trade with me.
Zorak: Heh heh heh! I don't think so. (evil laughing prompting Space Ghost to Blast the pod closest to Zorak) NO00000!
Space Ghost: (blasting pod) Who's laughing now, Zorak? Who's laughing now?
(Pods make squeaking noises)
Friday11:28
(Space Ghost is staring at one of the pods)
Zorak: Hey. Touch it. Go on! See what happens.
Moltar: Touch it. You know you want to.
Zorak: C'mon, man. Touch it.
(Space Ghost warily approaches pod)
Moltar: Yes, feel its heat.
Zorak: Touch it!
Moltar: Stroke its supple contours.
Zorak: Nothing'll happen. Just touch it. (whispers) It's what you wanna do. Touch it.
(Space Ghost inches closer to pod)
Moltar: You know you want to. Touch it!
Zorak: Touch it!
Moltar: It's there for you to Touch.
(Space Ghost's finger gets ever closer)
Zorak: You know you wanna.
(Space Ghost stops just an inch away from the pod)
Space Ghost: There, I touched it! Now I have to leave.
Zorak: No, you did not!
Space Ghost: No, I did! I touched It!
(Space Ghost leaves and his pod follows)
Steven Wright: Who else is going to be on the show?
Zorak: Your guts.
Steven Wright: Oh.
(An out-of-breath Space Ghost opens exit door. He sees that the building is coated in orange goo.)
Space Ghost: (screams like a girl) The Blob! (Pod moves closer. Screams like a girl again as he flies back to the desk) Very scary monster! (Clears throat) I'm back!
Zorak: Where'd you G-
(Dramatic music as blob covers window of studio and all of Ghost Planet)
Zorak: I said, where did you G-
(Dramatic music as blob covers window of studio)
Zorak: I SAID WHERE DID Y-
Friday10:25 p.m.
Space Ghost: (Yawn.) I am so sleepy.
Zorak: (looking tired and yawning) Yeah...
(Moltar is asleep on control room floor as pod gets closer to him; rest of group is falling asleep as pods close in. Zorak catches himself and suddenly wakes up, followed by Moltar, Space Ghost and then Wright)
Zorak: (coughing) We should take turns sleeping. You go first.
Space Ghost: You'll wake me up if the pod starts to replicate me, right?
Zorak: Probably not.
Space Ghost: Listen to me. We're not gonna live through this unless we all put aside our differences and band together as Friends.
(Moltar flips switch as Zorak starts playing lullaby)
Space Ghost: You see, that's exactly what I'm talking about. (blasts Zorak)
Steven Wright: I might need another coffee.
Space Ghost: Good idea! We'll go get some coffee. You stay here, try to live. If anything bad happens...to you...well, we'll be getting coffee!
Steven Wright: (laughs) Father! You are my hero!
Space Ghost: Yeah. Thanks!
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak leave for commissary, followed closely by pods)
Steven Wright: (staring at pod) Are, you're not human are you? (pod starts to open) Y..you should get that checked. Or I admire it. I don't know the reaction you want! I, I fear you! (pod moves closer) You're gonna kill me! (laughs)
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar sit in commissary, surrounded by pods. Screaming from the studio can be heard. No one says a word as the screaming goes on and on.)
Moltar: So, uh... (screaming from studio) Um, see I wor- (screaming from studio). This may... (short scream). This... (short scream). Nothin' (longer scream)
(Screaming subsides)
Space Ghost: I have an idea.
Saturday2:04 a.M.
(A mop bucket with a hand-drawn Space Ghost mask and cape rolls onto the empty set)
Space Ghost: (as if talking to a dog) There goes Space Ghost! Go get him! Go get Space Ghost! He's gettin' away! Ooh, Space Ghost's gettin' away! Bad Space Ghost! Go get Space Ghost now! He's gettin' away! Ooh da, bad Space Ghost! Look at him! Look at him, he's gettin' away with his cape flyin' and everything! Go get Space Ghost!
Moltar: (Sigh.) They're not buyin' it.
Space Ghost: They're not buying it because you messed it up!
Moltar: What? I was just trying to-
Space Ghost: I've got it! We'll get the Blob to kill the pods!
Moltar: How we gonna do that?
Space Ghost: (at exit door) Hey, uh, Blob. You, uh, heard all the stuff the pods have been saying about your mother? (laughs) People are laughin', man. (pause) So, uh, you wanna come in here? And kill the pods? 'Cause of what they said? About your Mother?
(Noises from Blob)
Space Ghost: I'm sorry. I, I had no idea. What's that, pods? The Blob is very fat?!
Saturday7:18 p.m.
Zorak: Didn't work, did it?
Space Ghost: Of course it worked! But now I have a better plan. One that excludes the Blob's stupid mother. I'm going to order one of those mind-erasing kits.
Moltar: Ya already have one!
Space Ghost: I know.
Moltar: Well?
Space Ghost: Can't you see? If we erase our minds and forget how sleepy we are, we'll stay awake forever! (pause) So this is my idea. I'm thinking about ordering one of those mind-erasing kits.
Thursday8 p.m.
Space Ghost: Here's what we do. We order one of those mind-erasing kits.
Moltar: You already HAVE ONE!
Space Ghost: If I already had one, don't you think I'd remember that?
Zorak: So go get it!
Space Ghost: Get what?
Moltar: The kit!
Space Ghost: What kit?
Friday5:23 a.m.
Zorak: All right, here's the plan. We create a diversion by throwing the planet's orbital axis off by 13 degrees. Actually, 10 degrees should do it. You don't want to throw it off too much because, well, you know. (Pause.) Now, once we've lowered the gravitational fields by, say, 40 gigawatts and secured the outer perimeter...securely...well I, I think we'll be just fine. (Picks up laser gun) Any questions? (cut to Space Ghost wearing monocle) Okay, then! Move out! Lock and load! Happy Birthday! And stay frosty! (cocks gun and fires off-camera)
Space Ghost: I'm going to order one of those...
Moltar: All right, I've got a plan. We all know rust never sleeps, right? (Pause.) Right. So, if we all rust, we'll never sleep. Eh? Eh?
Space Ghost: Moltar, you're the only one here made of metal. How are we gonna rust?
Saturday11:13 p.m.
Moltar: So after you get metal-plated, that's when we all go to the beach. To rust.
Space Ghost: Gee, that's a great plan, Moltar. But if we could get to the beach, we wouldn't have to be metal-plated.
Sunday8:09 a.m.
Space Ghost: How many times do I have to tell ya? Because we'd be at the beach!
Monday3:45 p.m.
Space Ghost: Mayday! Mayday! I'm Space Ghost and I am in some big danger! My plans were foolproof, (pod gets closer and falls over) but it started feeding on the rays! And then Moltar had a plan that never would have worked. (pod gets bigger and closer) I need a ship to rescue me. I'll be waiting for you out by the front gate. Thank you!
Moltar: Nobody can hear ya, Space Ghost. We've been off the air for 10 days.
Space Ghost: Excuse me. (invisos into control room, face-to-face with Moltar) Please don't tell me how to do it. It sickens me.
March99:099 A6
Space Ghost: Mmmm, this is some good coffee! I thought we were out of coffee.
Zorak: I found some more. It's in the orange container.
Space Ghost: (does spittake into camera) You fool! (Collapses) That's decaf!
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar instantly fall asleep as pods move closer... and begin opening)
(Screen goes to black, with white letters wiggling from top of screen; they fall into place:)
HE ENDT
(Then the "T" at the end scoots around to the beginning of the text:)
THE END

(No credits)

© 2000 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Kentucky Nightmare

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Kentucky Nightmare
Original Air Date:May 6, 2001
Guest Star:Willie Nelson

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Space Ghost invisos to set. A large shark is laying on the floor behind him.)
Space Ghost: Greetings, welcome to the show.
Zorak: Hey!
Space Ghost: Tonight my guest is Corey Feldman.
Zorak: Hey! (beat) What's with the shark?
Space Ghost: That's been there... for over a year.
Zorak: Oh. Well, I don't remember it.
Space Ghost: Well, it was one year ago today I brought it in and said, "Here is the shark, I'll place it right here."
Moltar: (In the control room) What did I say?
Space Ghost: You said you were so excited about this merger that you couldn't speak.
Moltar: Uh, what merger?
Space Ghost: The merger between this talk show and that shark. I know I told you this.
Zorak: (Beat)
Moltar: (Beat)
Zorak: Well, I don't remember.
Space Ghost: Look, that is Ol' Kentucky Shark, and he has been there. Okay, Zorak and Moltar? Are we clear now?
Zorak: Tch, yeah.
(Space Ghost walks toward his desk)
Zorak: You don't want me to play you to your desk?
Space Ghost: (Stops walking) When have we ever done that? We've never done it that way! (Continues walking) And if you think you're gonna get sympathy from the shark, well then you won't. (Reaches his desk & sits down, glances toward Zorak) Stupid. (Looks at the camera) Now, let's welcome Corey Feldman.
(Monitor lowers with Willie Nelson)
Willie Nelson: Hello.
Space Ghost: Or Willie Nelson, it, it really doesn't matter.
Willie Nelson: Thank you. (smiles)
Space Ghost: Maybe it does matter. Eh, hello, Willie, do you know Ol' Kentucky Shark?
Willie Nelson: Gosh, I don't know.
Space Ghost: (Holds Ol' Kentucky up to monitor, who starts growling) Well, allow me! Ol' Kentucky Shark, this is Willie Nelson. Willie Nelson, Ol' Kentucky Shark.
Willie Nelson: My pleasure.
Space Ghost: (Drops Ol' Kentucky) See, Ol' Kentucky Shark is the brand new mascot of the failing liquor chain that bought us.
Zorak: Ohhhh, so now there's a liquor store involved...
Space Ghost: Look, in the heat of conversation, Zorak, I may have said certain things I don't believe to be true.
Zorak: So... you lied.
Space Ghost: Are you slow? The alleged lie that you might have heard me saying, allegedly moments ago? That's a parasite that lives in my neck.
Willie Nelson: (grimaces)
Space Ghost: Mars will never put up with this.
Willie Nelson: What planet are you from?
Space Ghost: Planet of Hollywood. Boy, you can order a hamburger with predator braids. Ya ever been there?
Willie Nelson: I don't, I probably have, but I don't, you know...
Space Ghost: You'd know if you'd been there. Your guitar would explode in your hands.
Willie Nelson: That's neat. Where do you get them clothes? (Sips coffee from his mug)
Space Ghost: I don't know if you'd know 'em...  Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn.
Voice: Up the chain!
Space Ghost: They made 'em for me.
Willie Nelson: Now that's a helluva deal.
Space Ghost: Oh yeah, the tag says "Made in Malaysia by Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn".
Zorak: Don't ya think that's weird that the tag would say that?
Space Ghost: And yet it does. (Growling sound in background) See? (holds his sleeve up to Willie, so he can see the tag)
Willie Nelson: You don't have cape houses in, uh, Spaceville?
(A bear walks by outside, behind Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: (Looks at the bear) What's that bear doing?
Zorak: He's walkin' around.
Space Ghost: He's probably going south, to mate with birds. (Turns to Willie) Bears are crazy, Willie. They'll bite your head if you're wearing steak on it.
Willie Nelson: (Laughs) Yeah, oh yeah, that's, those are neat.
Space Ghost: (Facing the windows, watching the bear) Yup.
(Out by an open door, Moltar is smoking. The bear comes through the door, walking past Moltar.)
Moltar: How ya doin'?
(Back at Space Ghost's desk)
Space Ghost: This next question is brought to you by Ol' Kentucky Shark, of Kentucky Nightmare Talkshow Liquor Corporation. You might remember him.
Willie Nelson: Yeah.
Space Ghost: He's the fish you met earlier.
Willie Nelson: He's my friend, too, I like him.
Space Ghost: Really.
Willie Nelson: Oh, yeah.
Space Ghost: All right. (Stands up, talks to Ol' Kentucky) Am I supposed to ask you this question, or you ask me? How's this work?
(Ol' Kentucky continues lying there silently)
Space Ghost: Okay, I'll just jump in here. Willie, who wrote the extremely famous phrase, "A shark on whiskey is mighty risky. A shark on beer is a beer engineer"?
Willie Nelson: (Scratches his chin, then laughs, then thinks some more) Uh...
Space Ghost: Give up? (Aims his power bands at Willie)
Willie Nelson: Yeah, yeah.
Space Ghost: The answer we're looking for, Willie, is Doctor Worm.
Zorak: Who's Doctor Worm?
Space Ghost: Nobody, so shut up.
Willie Nelson: You're a good lookin' cowboy there, when you got on them...
Space Ghost: (Stands up) Yes I am.
Willie Nelson: You're a space cowboy, is what you are.
Space Ghost: (Walks over to Zorak's keyboard pod) Two, three, four.
(Zorak accompanies Space Ghost's off-key singing by pounding on the keyboard)
Space Ghost: ("Singing") Some people call me the space cowboy...
Willie Nelson: Do you have a second line in mind?
Space Ghost: (Continues "singing") Dumb people haul trash around. (Stops singing) I'm still working on it.
Willie Nelson: I think it's got some potential there, I'll...
Space Ghost: That's good. (Starts walking back toward his desk) Because it's done.
(Zorak continues pounding on the keys, Space Ghost turns toward him)
Space Ghost:  Zorak.. (Trips over Ol' Kentucky and falls) Damn shark! (Stands up, face to face with the bear)
(The bear growls at Space Ghost, who backs away)
Space Ghost: (Hiding behind Zorak's keyboard pod) Zorak, you must be secreting something that's attracting this bear!
Zorak: I haven't done anything! (Looks at camera) Heh heh, except for this. (Secretes a yellow cloud) Merry Christmas!
Space Ghost: Zorak, take your glands outside!
Zorak: Heh, okay. (Bounces away)
Space Ghost: Phew! God, crack open a window!
(Space Ghost has a flashback thought bubble, with Bobcat Goldthwait)
Bobcat Goldthwait: (In the thought bubble) Wow, Space Ghost, man, crack a window, will ya?
Space Ghost: (Laughs) Crack a window, eh Willie? (Laughs)
Willie Nelson: (Laughs)
Space Ghost: Crack open all the... Gaaa! (The bear attacks Space Ghost, he invisos out)
(In the control room, Space Ghost invisos in)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's the bear doing here?
Moltar: (Sighs in disgust) Here, let me show you. (Throws lever, a video plays on his monitor, showing the cartoon bear walking in the woods.)
Space Ghost: Ah yes, my documentary.
(Music plays in the background, Space Ghost narrates)
Space Ghost: Bears and sharks always travel together. (The bear stands by a stream and growls, baring his teeth, while a shark floats by on its back) Just look at them, walking through the wooded forest, paw in fin. (The bear and the shark walk by. The camera suddenly pans up to bare tree branches.) It's on account of their teeth (Bear and shark start to growl and fight) that makes them "Nature's Best Friends" (Title appears in center of screen, as growling and fighting continue in background)
Space Ghost: (To camera) I made this for public television, but they told me it was stupid and grossly inaccurate.
Moltar: (Throws lever, stopping the video)
Space Ghost: (Raises his fist to Moltar) You been smoking?
Moltar: No!
Space Ghost: I can smell it in your hair. Crack a window, will ya? (Laughs)
(Back in the studio)
Zorak: Hey, look at this! (Secretes a yellow cloud again) That's gonna carry all the way to the village. (Evil laugh)
Moltar: There ain't no village.
Zorak: Choke on it, village!
Space Ghost: Moltar, Zorak's secretion will certainly wipe out the village's sandwich shop.
Moltar: There ain't no village.
Zorak: (Evil laugh, secretes another cloud)
Space Ghost: The village! (flies off)
Moltar: There ain't no village!
Willie Nelson: Hey, Molt.
Moltar: Hey, Willie, I'm going outside for a smoke. (Walks away from the console)
(Back on the set)
Space Ghost: (Flies back to his desk, carrying a six foot sub sandwich) I was too late. This is all that was left. Their six foot party sub. Their king, Randy, made it for me, while I waited. (Takes several bites out of the end of the sandwich, and talks with his mouth full) No one will ever know their way of life.
Zorak: (From outside the studio, muffled by the glass) Hey, look over here.
Space Ghost: (Turns to look at Zorak outside)
Zorak: Gimme that sandwich!
Space Ghost: (Still talking with his mouth full) Zorak, get back in here. I didn't give you permission to go outside!
Zorak: Moltar's out here smokin'.
Moltar: (Runs by, smoke trailing behind him) I am not!
(The bear approaches Space Ghost, growling)
Space Ghost: Shut up!
(The bear jumps Space Ghost, knocking him down)
Space Ghost: Ow! (Space Ghost and the bear battle behind his desk, he pokes his head up) Shark, help... (The bear pulls him down again. The shark lies dormant on the studio floor. Space Ghost finally stands up). This is B.S., man. I'm gonna go see Doctor Worm and re-evaluate this merger. (The bear jumps him again)
(Space Ghost is in Doctor Worm's office, where Doctor Worm is in a small golden cage lying on a small pillow.)
Doctor Worm: Be chicken malt lickin' daddy's head be tickin'.
Space Ghost: Yes, I know.
(Back in the studio, the bear approaches Willie on the monitor, growling)
Willie Nelson: (To the bear) Hey, how ya doin', Tex?
Zorak: Eh, that bear's a Yankee.
Willie Nelson: Well, (bleep) him.
(Space Ghost flies back to his desk, the bear turns to attack him again)
Space Ghost: That's right, I just talked to Doctor Worm, and he had some interesting things to say.
(The bear continues to growl at Space Ghost )
Space Ghost: (Scoots backward in his chair) YOu get away from me!
(Bear growls face to face with Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Okay then! (Walks to other side of set) Willie, I'm just going to do the show from over here.
Willie Nelson: Good luck.
(Bear lunges at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Oh no! (The bear grabs him and runs off stage)
(Zorak, Willie and Moltar all laugh)
Space Ghost: Shark, help! (The bear finally drops Space Ghost near an open door) Ow!
(Space Ghost is back in Doctor Worm's office)
Doctor Worm: I'm so drunk I'm liable to do anything to you, boy!
Space Ghost: Well...
Doctor Worm: Now get outta here, before I put you in the worst headlock of your life!
(Back at the set, the bear is sitting in Space Ghost's chair. Space Ghost lands in front of his desk, and the bear rears and growls. He flies away to the other side of the set)
Space Ghost: Moltar, we need more shots of the shark. Shake the camera, make it look like he's swimming.
(The camera is facing the desk, and starts bobbing up and down in a sea-sickness-inducing manor)
Moltar: Is that good?
Space Ghost: Yeah, that's great. Where's the shark? Y'know?
Moltar: I dunno.
Willie Nelson: Is he around somewhere?
Space Ghost: God, I hope so, or that worm's gonna go crazy. Moltar... (Camera stops bobbing) Willie, will you entertain that bear for a few minutes while I go look for the shark?
Willie Nelson: Oh, I think I probably overspoke. (Laughs)
Space Ghost: Just wave some meat around. Zorak, where's the shark?
Zorak: He's outside.
Space Ghost: Ol' Kentucky, you shouldn't be outside there in that sun. You need to come inside and put on some sunblock and a wide brimmed... (Shark's head explodes) Oh no!
(Moltar and Zorak laugh hysterically)
Space Ghost: Moltar...
Moltar: No, no, it was not us. (Laughs)
Zorak: But it is funny. (Laughs)
Moltar: Yeah! (Laughs)
Space Ghost: (Invisos to control room) Then how did it happen?
Moltar: Here, look at this (throws his lever, Space Ghost's documentary starts playing on his monitor again. The shark and bear are facing off to fight)
Space Ghost: Ah yes, my documentary.
Space Ghost: (Narrating) Why do sharks explode? (Camera pans up to shark in a tree; it explodes with a bang) (Illustration of shark with firecrackers in its head, accompanied by the text labels "Brains" and "Sex Organs" with arrows) This is because sometimes their brains and sexual organs are made out of M-80's. (Dissolve to wooded scene with another shark) Sometimes, to attract mates, a shark will explode. (Shark explodes) (Several other sharks lying on the ground explode in sequence as the narration continues) And sometimes they explode just to attract giant killer bees.
Space Ghost: (In control room) Well, no bees are gonna get in here. Not in MY airtight fortress.
Moltar: Yeah, all the windows are cracked open.
Space Ghost: Hey man, crack a window open! (Laughs)
(A giant killer mosquitoid from the old Space Ghost cartoon "Zorak" crashes into the control room floor.)
Space Ghost: Oh no!
(More killer mosquitoids fly through the studio, past Willie, the bear and Zorak)
Space Ghost: To the creek!
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar are standing in a creek in the woods.
Space Ghost: Let's talk about what went wrong with tonight's show.
Moltar: (Grunts)
Space Ghost: Okay, first off, who invited Willie?
Moltar: You know, I, uh, I left my jacket back there.
(While they speak, a shark fin approaches in the water)
Space Ghost: Moltar, it's gone. Long gone.
(Zorak disappears with a splash. Space Ghost looks at Moltar, and looks away)

Guest StarNelson
Written ByMaiellaroWillis
VoicesGeorge LoweCroker
Offline EditEdwards
Online EditBellissimo
?? Line Producer??? Roney
Re-Recording MixerClements
MusicMaiellaro
Production Assistant?? Brestan
Head WriterMaiellaro
Supervising ProducerWillis
Executive ProducersCroffordLazzo

© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Justice Hole

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Justice Hole
Original Air Date:July 21, 2001
Guest Star:Dave Thomas

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Fade in: Dave Thomas is on the monitor)
Dave Thomas: Alright, I'll do it. Do I get a gun?
Zorak: Yeah, but use your own piece. I can't be connected in, uh, any way.
(Space Ghost invisos in to his desk)
Dave Thomas: (clears his throat, alerting Zorak to SG's arrival)
Zorak: Yeah, Dave, uh, that, uh...
Dave Thomas: Um...
Zorak: ... fair was, uh... fun.
Dave Thomas: Yeah.
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: You weren't in any fair!
Zorak: (laughs)
Space Ghost: I heard you tellin' Dave to shoot me in the brain with a laser, out behind the dumpster.
Dave Thomas: Ah...
Zorak: Aw, c'mon, that doesn't sound like me.
Space Ghost: That makes me sad.
Zorak: I never said that!
Space Ghost: Yeah, you did.
Zorak: We're buds!
Space Ghost: Well, I heard it.
Zorak: I never said that, and I would never say that.
Space Ghost: Dave heard it, didn't you, Dave?
Dave Thomas: (nods slowly)
Zorak: (laughs) Oh, now I remember! I did tell him that, didn't I?
Dave Thomas: Are you gonna do anything about it, or are you just gonna hold a grudge here...
Space Ghost: I'm not gonna hold a grudge. I, I'm just gonna go to my room and never do the show again.
Zorak: There you go.
Space Ghost: And, I won't speak to any of you ever again!
Zorak: That'll work.
Space Ghost: And since there's no food in my room, I'll probably just die there.
Dave Thomas: Okay... (exhales)
(Cut to control room; Moltar watches on his monitor)
Space Ghost: How would that be... ya fat babies?
Moltar: Good!
(Cut back to studio)
Zorak: Yeah, good.
Dave Thomas: (chuckles)
Space Ghost: (takes off from his desk, flies off the set)
Dave Thomas: Okay, this is my show, now that Space Ghost is gone, this is the Dave Thomas Show.
Zorak: Yeah!!
Dave Thomas: Space Ghost won't be able to be back for the rest of the day.
Zorak: Awright!
Dave Thomas: I've often wondered from watching your show...
(As Dave talks, Space Ghost is silhouetted in the foreground, watching the set unseen, thinking to himself)
Space Ghost: [So we forgot all about our good friend Space Ghost...]
Dave Thomas: (to Zorak) ... how tall are you?
Zorak: Eh, about seven feet.
Dave Thomas: Seven feet tall.
Zorak: Yeah, I'm pretty big.
Dave Thomas: I'm impressed.
Zorak: I know.
Space Ghost: (still thinking to himself) (mocking) ["How tall are you? I'm pretty tall."] (walks out of shadows)
Dave Thomas: How much can you bench press?
Zorak: Eh, about 320.
Dave Thomas: I could tell that from your over-developed quads.
Moltar:  (stammering) Hey Dave, Dave, ask me how tall... how I can press.
Space Ghost:  (walks in front of Zorak's keyboard pod) Did it just get noisier in here? (he stops in front of his desk) It stopped. (quietly, to Zorak) Hear how quiet it got? (sits down at his desk) Uh, so, how's the, uh, how's the show going?
Zorak: It's going pretty good!
Space Ghost: As if I care.
Zorak: It's funny.
Moltar: Yeah, too bad you're missing it.
Space Ghost: (looks at a cue card) What are y'all talking about?
Zorak: (to himself) We're not talking about anything, now that you're here.
Moltar: Actually, we were talking about...
Space Ghost: Oh, I heard it. Say, Dave...
Dave Thomas: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Why don't you ask Zorak about his hollow arms, and how you can break one off and sip a drink through it?
Dave Thomas: Oh god!
Space Ghost: If you'd ever want to put your lips on it.
Zorak: Hey, I thought you were leaving.
Space Ghost: But I don't think you'd want to put your lips on something like that. Would he, Zorak? Answer him. Answer me.
Zorak: This ain't your show. It's the Dave Thomas Show.
Space Ghost: I'm not here for your show. Your show's stupid and I hate it. And I never liked it.
Zorak: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: I never liked it, Zorak.
Zorak: Uh huh.
Space Ghost: I just came down to get my keys so I could.. drive over to where my new friends are.
Zorak: We don't care.
Space Ghost: Where it's fun.
Zorak: Well, go get 'em. What are you waitin' for?
Space Ghost: I don't know... I thought I'd say hello to Dave.
Dave Thomas: (looks back silently)
Space Ghost: Hey Dave.
Dave Thomas: Greetings, Space Ghost.
Zorak: Alright, you did that, now get your keys.
Space Ghost: (pounds his desk) Say Dave, tell me about your new projects.
Zorak: Hey! That's enough!
Moltar: Yeah man, leave.
Space Ghost: I am leavin'.
Moltar: So leave. I mean, you've been leavin' for five minutes.
Space Ghost: And I'm never comin' back.
Moltar: Good! Go! Bye!
Space Ghost: When I go, that's it.
Zorak: So [bleep] go!
Dave Thomas: (looks shocked)
Space Ghost: (stares in silence)
Zorak: Dave doesn't want you on his show! Isn't that right, Dave?
Dave Thomas: (pauses) No no, no no no...
Moltar: Now man, you said it was your show...
Dave Thomas: Aw, c'mon.
Space Ghost: Fine, I'm leaving! (pounds his fist)
Dave Thomas: Alright, go ahead.
Space Ghost: Alright, I will go ahead!
Zorak: Then move it!
Moltar: Yeah, get outta here!
Space Ghost: (pauses) Hey hey, let's show some of my old clips.
Moltar: No!
Space Ghost: (pounds his desk) Fine, ya bunch of fat babies! Don't expect me back here any time forever! (pounds desk again)
Dave Thomas: What a shame.
Zorak: (laughs hysterically)
Moltar: (laughs hysterically)
Space Ghost: (flies off)
(Scene transition to the Hall of Justice)
Narrator: Outside the Hall of Justice...
(Scene changes to a giant hole in the ground, with a rusted car and trashcans behind it, and a factory and polluted skyline in the background behind a chain link fence.)
Narrator: ... is this Hole...
Space Ghost: (rides by on a garden tractor) Hey Snakefish! My man! (Snakefish stands up, along with someone in a turban, who ducks down again. Space Ghost's tractor goes off screen and stops)
Narrator: ... of Justice.
Space Ghost: Gimme five, my man. I know you didn't ask me to, but I went ahead and mowed your lawn anyway.
Snakefish: Gee, thanks, uh... Space...
Space Ghost: Space Ghost.
Snakefish: Yeah, that's what I said. Here's ten dollars.
Space Ghost: Here, let me get you some change in my inviso... (invisos out "by accident") Hey! Look at that! I turned invisible! (invisos back in) I don't want to tell you your job or anything, but I bet superpowers like that would come in pretty handy for you guys around the Hole of Justice. (as Space Ghost talks, five other characters appear in the hole and behind the car and trash cans)
Snakefish: We can all do this. (all of them inviso out)
Space Ghost: Well, that makes us friends then, huh? Hello... hello... hello... (characters sneak away under inviso power) Where are you?!
(Back in the studio)
Zorak: (laughs) Hey hoser, you take off!
Dave Thomas: Hey, take off, Zorak.
Moltar: Hey wait, you guys, you guys...
Zorak: Take off, eh? (laughs)
Moltar: Dave, Dave, tell me to take off.
Dave Thomas: (stares back in silence)
Moltar: Oh c'mon, somebody tell me to take off, eh? (chuckles)
Dave Thomas: (silence)
Moltar: C'mon, do it.
Space Ghost: (invisos to set) Hey, take off, everyone! Take it all off!
Moltar: (groans)
Zorak: Aw, man! 
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: I thought you had some friends!
Space Ghost: I do.
Zorak: Then where are they?
Space Ghost: Uh... they were all out visiting other friends, uh, that I know through them. Dave, do you mind if I just sit here until my friends tell me where they are?
Dave Thomas: Yeah, I do mind. It bothers me when people do that.
Space Ghost: By "people", do you mean me?
Dave Thomas: Yeah.
Moltar: (standing by Space Ghost's desk) Dave, is there a problem here?
Dave Thomas: No, no problem at all.
Moltar: Because if there's a problem... (slaps cards down on Space Ghost's desk) I have the solution.
Dave Thomas: No problem.
Moltar: Alright, you just call me if you need anything, Dave.
Dave Thomas: Okay.
Moltar: (walking away) The Dave Thomas Show. Heh heh, I love it.
Space Ghost: He's not the host of the show.
Zorak: Yeah he is.
Space Ghost: No he isn't, and you shut up, because I'm about to conduct an interview.
Dave Thomas: Alright, Space Ghost, how thick is your neck?
Space Ghost: I'll ask the questions, Dave. How thick is my neck? It's 48 inches.
Dave Thomas: That's a decent sized neck.
Space Ghost: Radius, Dave.
Dave Thomas: 48 inch radius.
Space Ghost: Radius.
Dave Thomas: How do you measure it, with a straightened coat hanger or...
Space Ghost: I just cut my head off and count the rings on my esophagus.
Dave Thomas: Fair enough.
Space Ghost: What's that on your jaw, Dave? Oh-h-h, it's fat.
Dave Thomas: Thank you for even acknowledging that I have a jaw, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Not much of one.
Dave Thomas: Hey.
Space Ghost: What?
Dave Thomas: I'm a guest. How about a little civility, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, you're the guest. Then who's the host?
Dave Thomas: Of the Space Ghost show?
Space Ghost: Yeah, Dave. The Space Ghost show.
Dave Thomas: (pause) Uh... Zorak?
Zorak: (in background) Tell it on the mountain!
Space Ghost: No.
Dave Thomas: I.. Help me out here! Moltar?
Space Ghost: (aims his power band at Dave) Screw you all to hell! (brings his finger near the button)
Dave Thomas: Okay.
Space Ghost: (still aiming, ready to blast, with teeth clenched)
Dave Thomas: How's it goin', Zorak?
Zorak: Awesome, Dave.
Space Ghost: (still aiming) I'm serious!
Dave Thomas: Give it your best shot, big boy.
Space Ghost: (blasts Dave with his power bands, but the blasts are deflected)
Dave Thomas: (chuckles) Think you need to take that in to the shop.
Space Ghost: (flies off)
Dave Thomas: (chuckles)
(Color swirly transition effect; back at the Hole of Justice)
Space Ghost: Y'all in there? (Snakefish peers over the edge of the hole, in inviso mode) I know you're in there.
Snakefish: (invisos in) No, I, I was just testing it.
Space Ghost: Where is everyone?
Snakefish: They're... they're out saving stuff.
Space Ghost: I hope they save their appetites! Because I just ordered us a large pizza! Y'all like pizza, don't ya?
Snakefish: Yeah. (the others peer over the hole's edit, in inviso mode) They won't be back for, like, a year. They're way out on Mars. (points up)
Space Ghost: That's funny, I came by Mars on my way over, and it doesn't have any life! (moves toward Snakefish, the others duck down)
Snakefish: Oh, gee, look, look, you really... you gotta go.
Space Ghost: I know you're invisible in there! Ya fat babies!
(Back in the studio)
Moltar: Okay, you ready?
Dave Thomas: Yeah.
Moltar: Alright! Start the music! (music starts, then he swings by on a rope) Whoa! (he lets go of the rope, and crashes off screen; smoke and flames erupt)
Dave Thomas: Zorak, comments?
Zorak: I'd say that... probably killed him.
Moltar: Oh, I'm not dead, I'm not dead, check it out. I can do that better, though.
Space Ghost: (invisos in) Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt. (walks in front of Zorak's keyboard pod, toward desk) I'm just Space Ghost, the guy the show's named after. 
Dave Thomas: Welcome mat is out for you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Nobody talk to me or look at me.
Zorak: Alright, we won't. (drinks from his coffee cup)
Moltar: You want to get out of the shot? (camera zooms in on Dave)
Space Ghost: (stepping between the camera and monitor, out of focus) Am I in the way here? Gosh, I hope not. (camera pans off of Space Ghost, he moves in front of it again)
Dave Thomas: You're kind of a one-trick pony, aren't you, Space Ghost (laughing)
Space Ghost: (continues trying to stay in front of the camera, as Moltar moves it) I didn't realize it was my show.
Dave Thomas: Take your time, Space Ghost, I got all day. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Well, I don't, Dave. (camera zooms back) Because I am a busy man. (flies off)
Zorak:  Hey, Dave... where'd you get that blazer?
Dave Thomas: Well...
Space Ghost: (walks across stage with his arms full of rolls of toilet paper) (voice muffled) I'm back.
Dave Thomas: Sorry to hear that. Anything I could help you with?
Space Ghost: Yeah. You can help me with this toilet paper. (drops all the rolls, intentionally) Because I'm going back to your Earth and roll the entire godforsaken planet. Starting with Snakefish and his stupid Hole of Justice. Because I'm better than them, aren't I.
Dave Thomas: Well...
Space Ghost: I'm a super-hero, AND a super-artist.
Dave Thomas: I sense sometimes a little insecurity, maybe a little kind of self-identify problem.
Space Ghost: (pause) So.. you think I have a problem.
Dave Thomas: Not specifically, but it's always good to keep an open mind about it...
Zorak: Well, I'll open his mind.
Space Ghost: Oh, with what? I hammer? You were gonna say that, I know.
Zorak: That's not what I was gonna say!
Space Ghost: Well then, with what? What was it gonna be? What sort of carpenter's tool were you gonna use on my skull?
Zorak: What are you talkin' about?
Space Ghost: I know you said it!
Dave Thomas: Have you ever...
Space Ghost: He said it, Dave.
Dave Thomas: Have you ever seen a... not a shrink, maybe just a counselor...
Space Ghost: All the time, in Jerusalem. Wait, what?
Dave Thomas: Oh, never mind.
Space Ghost: No, no, come on, I'm listening.
Dave Thomas: Somebody who might be able to sit in a nice zero-gravity environment with you, and the two of you could kind of lob questions back and forth...
Zorak: Like me?
Space Ghost: Yeah, like Zorak.
Dave Thomas: No, not like Zorak. Somebody who reads.
Space Ghost: Moltar has an education. A doctorate, it says so on his degree, right Moltar?
Moltar: Show me your hiney!
Dave Thomas: No, not like Moltar. Somebody who has an education...
Moltar: Show me the hiney!!
Space Ghost: No, he does have an education.
Moltar: I wanna see it.
Dave Thomas: Making a suggestion here. You hire someone, for a hundred and five bucks an hour...
Space Ghost: How about you?
Dave Thomas: What about me?
Space Ghost: (does his power band move thing) You do it, I command it.
Dave Thomas: (leans back) Alright. Let's give it a whirl.
Zorak: (backward speech: "He doesn't know what he's doing.")
Dave Thomas: How do you feel about yourself, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Oh, I would have to say that I'm the bomb. A Number 1.
Dave Thomas: Okay. What's wrong with being number 2?
Space Ghost: (silence)
Dave Thomas: Did I ask you a ridiculously hard question?
Space Ghost: You did?
Dave Thomas: Let's go back to number 1 then.
Space Ghost: Yes, and let's start calling me number 1.
Dave Thomas: And as number 1...
Space Ghost: A Number 1. The bomb.
Dave Thomas: You ever feel like you'd like to have someone to talk to?
Moltar: (offscreen) SHOW ME THE HINEY!!
Zorak: Put your pants on!
Dave Thomas: I mean, other than Zorak and Moltar.
Space Ghost: (quietly) You mean like, um, like girls?
Dave Thomas: (smiles and nods) Yeah, girls.
Space Ghost: I don't need no woman, banging on the bathroom door, saying she has to go to the bathroom, when I'm in the bathroom. It's my bathroom!
Dave Thomas: I think you've been out here a little too long.
Zorak: Yeah, go out to the dumpster, where it's beautiful.
Space Ghost: No.
Zorak: It's beautiful, man. You will so love it.
Space Ghost: No. It's cold. At the dumpster.
Dave Thomas: It's gonna get a lot colder, too, if you keep staying out here by yourself. C'mon! Live a little.
Space Ghost: Well, I like to dance.
Dave Thomas: No kiddin'! Well, that's a start.
Space Ghost: I mean... REALLY like to dance.
Dave Thomas: Hm mm. Well, that's what a lot of teenage girls do when they're growing up, but you're number 1. You gotta get beyond that.
Space Ghost: Well, let's start calling me number 1, how about that?
Dave Thomas: Listen, I didn't come here to make you feel bad, I have tremendous respect for you, Space Ghost. But, under the category heading of self-improvement, there's always room, even at the top, to make yourself a little better.
Space Ghost: Well, thanks Dave. I never thought about it that way. Never thought about anything except for... [I never thought about anything.]
Dave Thomas: Zorak, Moltar, (nods in their direction) take care of this guy. He's lonely.
Space Ghost: Zorak, Moltar, hop in the cruiser. We're gonna roll Earth.
Moltar: No way, man.
Zorak: Yeah, Dave and I are goin' out for a drink.
Dave Thomas: Oh, am I?
Moltar: Oh, me too, I'm goin' too. Right?
Zorak: Yeah, don't you remember? I was talkin' about us goin' out? Uh, takin' Moltar maybe?
Dave Thomas: (nods) I do.
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (taps his cards) Uh, okay if I come?
Zorak: No, uh, we're all sick. (fake cough) See ya! (runs off stage)
(The studio monitor raises and is gone; then the studio lights go out. Space Ghost is all alone)
(Credits roll with nifty music)
(Space Ghost is back at the Hole of Justice, in his own hole)
Space Ghost: It's a free country.
Snakefish: Then feel free to bite my ass, huh?
Space Ghost: Yeah, bring your snake ass over here and say that!
Snakefish: I just did, and you didn't do anything!
Space Ghost: I'll do whatever I want, it's a free country.
(One of the other villains is sneaking up on Space Ghost in inviso mode)
Snakefish: (laughs)
Space Ghost: What's so funny? (The villain jumps Space Ghost) Aaah!
Snakefish: Yeah!

STAND BY FOR SUPER CREDITS
Guest StarDave Thomas
Written byMatt MaiellaroDave Willis
VoicesGeorge LoweClay Croker
Edited byMichael Cahill
Line ProducerVishal Roney
Re Recording MixerRoy Clements
Production AssistantJohn Brestan
Head WriterMatt Maiellaro
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Knifin' Around

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Knifin' Around
Original Air Date:September 1, 2001
Guest Stars:Björk, Thom Yorke

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Credits roll at start of show, accompanied by Björk's singing)
(Control room; Thom Yorke is on Moltar's monitor)
Thom Yorke: They were old people's sunglasses.
Moltar: Really?
Thom Yorke: Yeah, you can buy them, you can buy them in Dallas airport.
Moltar: Cool.
Thom Yorke: Yeah, and you put them over normal sunglasses.
(Space Ghost enters the control room, holding a CD)
Space Ghost: Moltar, can you make me a hundred copies of this?
Moltar: What is it?
Space Ghost: It's the new Radiohead CD.
Thom Yorke: (stares at Space Ghost from Moltar's monitor)
Space Ghost: (to Moltar) That the guy from Radiohead?
Moltar: Yes.
Thom Yorke: Hello.
Space Ghost: Hey, how's it goin'?
Thom Yorke: (gives SG a "thumbs up" sign)
Space Ghost: Good. Moltar, we'll talk about it later. Hey! What's that? (walks over to a fancy projector-looking machine in the control room)
Moltar: Oh, that's a, uh... what is that? (Loud noise off camera) What!
(Space Ghost is holding Moltar in a head lock)
Space Ghost: (talking quietly to Moltar) Now you listen to me. I could go to jail in Mexico if Thom were to hear that I'm copying his CD. (glances over at Thom, who is watching them) Don't look at me! We're talkin' about dragons. (to Moltar) So you take Thom out to the set while I burn and verify these... (to Thom) these... dragons. (another loud noise as he releases Moltar)
Moltar: You don't know how to work it.
Space Ghost: Moltar, I have a giant brain, that is able to reduce any complex machine into a simple yes or no answer.
Moltar: Okay, but that's not the CD burner...
Space Ghost: (interrupting) Moltar... Yes.
Moltar: (pause) Alright. (walks away)
Thom Yorke: Thank you very very much, Space Ghost, for having me on your show.
Space Ghost: Sure, sure... wanna, wanna see how this works? (he presses a button, the projector machine fires a brief ray, then falls over, explodes and catches fire.)
Thom Yorke: (watches, slack-jawed)
Space Ghost: Twenty. Yes.
(On the set, Moltar walks up to Space Ghost's desk, talking in a lively DJ voice, with funky background music)
Moltar: Oh, yeah! Welcome to the Moltar Show!
Thom Yorke: Thank you very much, Moltar.
Moltar: Thank you very much, Thom Yorke, for sitting next to the man! Of the century! Oh yeah!
Thom Yorke: You're very self-assured, you're very much a 90's man.
Space Ghost: (off screen) Come on! (off screen explosion; music stops; )
(Cut to control room. Projector is still burning, flames are engulfing Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: No! No!
(Cut back to set)
Space Ghost: (off camera) No!
Moltar: That is fascinating! (music starts again) Thom Yorke, you are very very interesting, and very very perceptive! 
Thom Yorke: Really..
Moltar: So interesting and so perceptive that I think we will now fight with knives. (a large medieval looking knife pops into his hand; the music changes to a hard rock electric guitar beat)
Zorak: (off camera) Yeah! To the death!
(The flaming projector flies by Space Ghost's desk, and crashes into Zorak's keyboard pod)
Space Ghost: (flies onto set) That thing wasn't a CD burner to begin with. (staring at Moltar holding a knife) What are you doing?
Moltar: (still doing DJ voice) I'm hosting the show!
Space Ghost: With that knife.
Moltar: (in normal voice) Uh... yes.
Space Ghost: Oh really.
Moltar: (clears his throat; knife is now gone. He resumes his DJ voice) Well hey, Thom asked me if he could see my knife, and Thom's doing a song about a knife, and he wanted to see what one looked like. Isn't that right, Thom? (knife reappears in his hand, followed by two guitar notes).
Space Ghost: (to Thom) Is that right?
Thom Yorke: No.
Space Ghost: 'Cause it sounds like a good idea. So do it.
Thom Yorke: (shaking his head) No. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Then I'll do it. (sings in low voice) I'm a kni-i-i-fe. Knifin' aro-o-o-und. Cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut... (walks back and forth on stage, making "cut" sounds)
Thom Yorke: Do you take those, those (motions with his hand)... intelligence drugs?
Space Ghost: (stops) I don't need intelligent drugs, Thom. Because I don't know what they are. Okay, Thom?
Thom Yorke: Yeah.
Space Ghost: But I will put anything into my mouth that is given to me. Whether it's supposed to go there or not. (sits down at his desk) Because... I'm different.
Thom Yorke: (stifles laughter)
Space Ghost: Is that clear with everyone?
Thom Yorke: Very.
Space Ghost: Just different.
Thom Yorke: That's because you're weird. (laughs)
Zorak: (off camera) Whatch y'all doin'?
Thom Yorke: (laughs)
Space Ghost: "Y'all"?
Zorak: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Where'd you learn to talk like that?
Zorak: Hattiesburg.
Space Ghost: What were you doing in Hattiesburg?
Zorak: Kickin' it.
Space Ghost: Oh really.
Zorak: Yep.
Space Ghost: Well, that's interesting.
Zorak: It is interesting.
Space Ghost: Thom, is that interesting?
Thom Yorke: No.
Space Ghost: See, Zorak? We're not interested.
Moltar: (from control room, in his DJ voice, with funky background music) Well, I happen to think that it's very very interesting!
Space Ghost: Moltar... it's over.
Moltar: (make lip buzz sound) Really?
Space Ghost: Yeah.
Moltar: Okay, oh, and your wife's on the phone.
Zorak: Your wife?! (laughs)
Space Ghost: I don't have a wife.
Moltar: She says she's your wife.
Space Ghost: Look, just tell this woman that she's crazy. Just because I'm famous and sexy doesn't mean that someone can just go and marry me the second I leave the room.
Zorak: What room?
Space Ghost: Look, listen everybody... (stands up) please? Listen to me. I have a hit song about a knife... and yes, I'm married. And that is why I want you to hang up right now.
(Thom is zapped off the monitor and replaced with Space Ghost's wife, played by Björk)
Moltar: Thank you, Moltar. (to his wife) Hey, honey, how are you?
Björk: Do you like sulphur?
Space Ghost: Sulphur? Sulphur's my favorite food, you know that. Is that why you called me?
Björk: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Oh great.
Björk: Can I sing in Icelandic?
Space Ghost: Uh, not right now, honey, please, I'm, I'm right in the middle of a, um... giant space war.
Björk: I, I enjoy talking to you.
Space Ghost: Yes, you do, but like I said, this space war, what can I do? Aliens.
Björk: Yeah.
Space Ghost: (waving) Yeah, so, you have to go now.
Björk: Okay.
Space Ghost: Okay. So, I'll talk to you when there's peace. In space.
Björk: (pause) Yeah, and you like salmon or you like trout?
Space Ghost: (pounds his desk) You know what, it doesn't matter. Because I love you so much...
Björk: Yeah?
Space Ghost: ... that it's time for you to go to sleep.
Björk: Okay.
Space Ghost: Because that's what it means to love a woman so much.
Björk: Okay, do you -
Space Ghost: So, you believe what I'm telling you, right?
Björk: Shall I sing to you, or sing to -
Space Ghost: Moltar...
(Moltar switches Thom back to the monitor)
Moltar: You got married?
Space Ghost: Yeah, okay? Everything gets married. Even animals and spiders. And, just because they don't have cakes and suits and wedding parties and expensive rings, doesn't mean that they're not legally, ahem... married.
Moltar: (beat)
Space Ghost: C'mon, fight me.
Zorak: Doesn't seem like you love her.
Space Ghost: (stares at Zorak)
Zorak: (bloonk bloonk)
Space Ghost: Well, love is about compromises, Zorak.
Thom Yorke: That's right.
Space Ghost: Compromising your future to the city council of Bethesda, Maryland. (beat) Cutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcutcut (scissor noise in background)
Thom Yorke: (nods while Space Ghost "cuts") But...
Space Ghost: Look, marriage is about hiding in the kudzu behind your apartment, and not going in until the lights are completely out.
Moltar: Your wife's on the phone again.
Space Ghost: Uh, tell her I exploded, and tell her it was very sad, and the last thing I said was "make sure my wife moves out of my condo."
Moltar: She says it's an emergency.
Space Ghost: Emergency... patch her through
(Björk replaces Thom on the monitor)
Björk: I have to go to the toilet.
Space Ghost: You remember the difference between the toilet and the sofa, right?
Björk: I think so.
Space Ghost: And remember how angry I got.
Björk: It smells like.. bad eggs.
Space Ghost: Because that's what happens when you boil the cushions of the couch you'd been urinating on.
Björk: Yeah'm?
Space Ghost: Oh oh, and, as long as I've got you here, (does his power band move) tell that French DJ Tricky to move out.
Björk: What's his name again?
Space Ghost: I don't know, he's your damned friend.
Björk: And I would love to introduce you to him.
Space Ghost: I've met him. He's living on our couch, with the urine. And tell him to stop letting in strangers to listen to his new beats.
Björk: It makes all the children happy.
Space Ghost: (in low voice) Honey, those aren't children, they're packets of cream cheese.
Björk: Sometimes I can't separate between the two, do you know that?
Space Ghost: Yeah. I.. wish I'd known that when we were just dating.
Björk: You have a mask, has anyone told you?
Space Ghost: Uh, honey? I buried a present for you out in the yard.
Björk: Yeah'm?
Space Ghost: Yeah. Why don't you go dig it up?
Björk: Kannski ... sleikja á þér tærnar stundum? (translation: Maybe ... lick your toes sometimes?)
Space Ghost: Yeah... well, I'll tell him you said that.
(Thom replaces Björk on the monitor)
Zorak: Hey, um... what'd you bury?
Space Ghost: Her mother.
Zorak: Cool.
Space Ghost: No, Zorak, it's just a bagel, she started calling "mother".
Thom Yorke: (motions with mug, as in making a toast) Here's to getting hitched, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (raises his mug) Yeah. Let's drink until our hearts stop.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Thom drink from their mugs, Moltar drinks from his cup through a straw. Space Ghost drinks for a long time, leaning backward. He takes a breath, then continues drinking)
Zorak: Cool... well look, I've got a friend comin' by in about five minutes, so, uh... I gotta skate.
Space Ghost: What are y'all gonna do?
Zorak: I think we're gonna smash lightbulbs out by the dumpster.
Space Ghost: Really? I'm gonna go with you.
Zorak: Well... (sighs) You can't. You're not my friend.
Space Ghost: We have things in common. Er, your dad's still big into those trains, for instance?
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Well... what's he big into now?
Zorak: Look, when my friend gets here, why don't you just go fly around or, hide or somethin'? I don't know, go to the kitchen.
Space Ghost: I'm coming with you.
Zorak: No you're not!
Space Ghost: Then you're not going anywhere!
Thom Yorke: You've got a, you've got a... (makes a circular motion around his nose and mouth)
Space Ghost: What, Thom?
Thom Yorke: (makes motion again) What's that?
Space Ghost: (sighs)
Thom Yorke: (motions again) This thing here.
Space Ghost: (impatiently) It's a mouth, Thom.
Thom Yorke: Well, anyway...
Zorak: My friend's here, see you later!
Space Ghost: (shouting) What did I just tell you earlier?
Zorak: (quietly) He's here!
Space Ghost: (quietly) Oh, sorry man. (ducks down behind his desk)
Moltar: Hey, your wife's on the phone again.
(Björk replaces Thom on the monitor)
Space Ghost: (quietly) Are they gone?
Björk: Yeah, do you get along with them?
Space Ghost: (sits up again) What, are you kidding, they're my best friends! That's why I married you, so I wouldn't have them anymore.
Björk: Yeah, thanks for inviting me.
Space Ghost: You're welcome, I didn't. Hey honey, I really wanna go outside and smash glass with my mantis friend Zorak, okay?
Björk: What's his name again?
Space Ghost: Zorak, you know, he, he's my buddy from work?
Björk: Well, maybe you should stay indoors.
Space Ghost: Look, I need this. For me. I feel like I'm in jail here!
Björk: I seem to, um, get the picture. If you know what I mean.
Space Ghost: Well, I know what you mean. (makes power band move) What exactly do you mean?
Björk: Um... enjoy, uh, refreshing time.
Space Ghost: Enjoy refreshing what?
Björk: Time.
Space Ghost: Fine, I will. And don't count on us ever getting married again.
(Thom replaces Björk on the monitor)
Moltar: So, are you goin'?
Space Ghost: No, she'd kill me.
Thom Yorke: (clears his throat, and holds up a black piece of yarn)
Space Ghost: Whatdya got there, Thom?
Thom Yorke: It's a worm.
Space Ghost: (whispering) Ah, god...
Moltar: Your wife's on the phone again.
Space Ghost: Oh, you can just tell her that I'll be home no later than eight.
(Björk replaces Thom on the monitor, now sporting red hair and a different outfit)
Space Ghost: Hey, honey!
Björk: (laughs)
Space Ghost: You're different!
Björk: Yeah, just for a while.
Space Ghost: Uh huh. Look, honey, craziest thing, heh heh. Another space war, if you can believe that, and it's.. out by the.. dumpster, uh...
Björk: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Hopefully this will mean peace. But there's someone here who would love to listen to your mouth.
Björk: Who's that?
Space Ghost: His name is Moltar.
Moltar: (growls)
Space Ghost: Get down here, Moltar. (to Björk) He wants to ask you every little thing you know about ice.
Moltar: (walks toward Space Ghost's desk) No I don't.
Space Ghost: Yes you do.
Moltar: No, I don't!
Space Ghost: Yes, you do. (aims his powerband, poised to fire)
Moltar: (pause) Yes I do.
Björk: I know quite a lot about things like that because I come from Iceland, which is a tiny place with only 280,000 people...
(Space Ghost flies off while Björk talks)
Moltar: (disinterested) Oh really.
(Space Ghost is by the dumpster, Zorak is sitting nearby)
Space Ghost: Where's all the glass?
Zorak: Eh... broke it all. I feel empty.
Space Ghost: Well, here's some boxes. Let's break those down so that they'll store properly.
Zorak: That's boring!
Space Ghost: You don't know from fun. This is responsible!
Zorak: I need what you have. (quietly) I need a woman.
(Sound of a cell phone ringing. Space Ghost's chest phone is blinking)
Space Ghost: Hang, hang on.
Zorak: So that I can sell her organs to Black Sabbath.
Space Ghost: Zorak, please.
Zorak: Make me some money.
Space Ghost: (to his phone) Space Ghost's chest phone.
Zorak: You hear what I said?!
Björk: (over the phone) I have to say I'm a great fan of triangles.
Space Ghost: Well, I have to say that I am a great fan of Chuck Norris, and he was in the Delta Force, and the delta was a triangle.
Björk: The one that came up when I was eleven.
Space Ghost: Yeah! You know honey, all this talk about Chuck is making me want to get married all over again.
Björk: Yeah?
Space Ghost: Because at the Beta Barn, you get 20% off for each marriage.
Björk: (long pause) And what's your name again?
(Space Ghost is now standing on a hill, overlooking Budapest, Hungary. His monitor is there with Björk on it. Organ music plays)
Minister: In sickness and in health, until death do you part?
Björk: Yeah.
Minister: And do you, Space Ghost, take this woman...
Space Ghost: (punches monitor, it flies out of view) Oh no. (pause)
Zorak: (enters from off screen and punches Space Ghost, knocking him down. Moltar is standing next to him) Oh no!
Moltar: (chuckles) Oh no! (reaches with his arm)
Zorak: Don't.
(Ghost Planet Industries logo is shown, with a drum roll, followed by a 'plink', and the skull & crossbones logo)

WILLIAMS STREETPRESENTS

A CARTOON NETWORKPRODUCTION

SPACE GHOSTCOAST TO COAST

KNIFIN' AROUND

StarringSPACE GHOSTZÖRAKMOLTAR
FeaturingBJÖRK GUDMUNDSOTTIRTHOMAS EDWARD YORKE
Written byMatt MaiellaroDave Willis
VoicesGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave Willis
Offline EditNed HastingsJay Edwards
Online EditBob Woodhead
Line ProducerVishal Roney
Re-recording MixerRoy Clements
MusicGudmundsottirCahillMaiellaro
Production AssistantJohn Brestan
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducersKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Flipmode

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Flipmode
Original Air Date:October 13, 2001
Guest Star:Busta Rhymes

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Black screen, with caption: "SOMEWHERE IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC", with sonar "ping" sound in background. Fade in to darkened set; Space Ghost is looking out the window.)
Space Ghost: Moltar, what's our depth?
Moltar: (reading a book) Twenty thousand leagues, sir.
Space Ghost: Take her to twenty-one.
Moltar: Twenty-one?!  But, why?
Space Ghost: Because it's more fantastical.
(Sound of someone banging on the bulkhead with a pipe)
Space Ghost: Don't answer it.  It's evil Doctor Reef.
Zorak: I'm answering it.
Space Ghost: Don't.  If you open that door, we'll drown.
Zorak: Oh, yeah?  Good.
(Zorak punches a big red button on the wall next to his keyboard. A door opens, and a driver-less forklift slowly drives in with a stack of lumber.  It lowers the lumber by SG's desk and slowly backs out, complete with "backup" beep sound.  There is a long pause, then suddenly, sound of crashing, general mayhem and alarms.)
Space Ghost: My god!  Wooden eels!  Surface!  Surface!
(Moltar is in the control room, now with red emergency lighting. He throws his lever, and a Jolly Roger appears on his monitor)
Space Ghost: Speed up! No, not that fast! (pile of lumber slides across the stage) Slow down!
Moltar: (throws lever again, a frowning "smiley" appears on his monitor)
Space Ghost: I'm blacking out! (his voice echos, as his image becomes a flashing black and white outline, which fades away to be replaced by background of stars)
(Return to lighted set.  Zorak is lying on the floor with eyes closed, next to the lumber pile)
Space Ghost: Zorak is dead!  Murdered! (sound of crashing and mayhem again) Moltar, serve the first course!
Moltar: Aye aye, Cap'n!  Cole slaw, comin' up!
Space Ghost: The only thing we can do now is eat.  And bring out my first suspect.
(Busta Rhymes appears on the studio monitor)
Busta Rhymes: Thank you, Mr. Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Busta, Zorak's skull has been fractured.  With what appears to be... (looks at pipe wrench that he is holding)... a wrench.
Zorak: (wakes up) This dinner mystery sucks.
Space Ghost: (jumps up and stomps on Zorak's head) Which was last in my hand.  In the veranda.  Where I was loosening the gas pipe.
Busta Rhymes: (laughs) I see, Space Ghost.
(Space Ghost and Busta laugh)
Space Ghost: Is it possible we surfaced too rapidly?
Zorak: (stands up, holding a script) Rrreah!  That's it.  I'm not doing this anymore.  This whole thing sucks.
Space Ghost: What are you not doing anymore?
Zorak: This!  The whole thing with the sub.  We're not underwater.  I knew this was a dumbass idea.
Busta Rhymes: Oh, man, you'd better not play that game with me, Zorak could get a nice Jackie Chan chop right in the back of his neck.
Space Ghost: Hang on, y'all.  (reaches into his cape and pulls out the pipe wrench)
Zorak: What's that for?
Space Ghost: Do not (hits Zorak on the head with the wrench) disturb (hits him again) the judge! (hits him again; each time, Zorak yells "ow!")
Busta Rhymes: Dang!
Space Ghost: God, that was violent.  I blame... the sea.
Busta Rhymes: You need to give me... a pair of them laser wrist things you be running around the place with.
Space Ghost: Why?
Busta Rhymes: I'm gonna use 'em.
Space Ghost: For what?
Busta Rhymes: I might use 'em to zap you with 'em.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Busta Rhymes: Give 'em to me.
Space Ghost: I will.
Busta Rhymes: So let me have it.
Space Ghost: I will.
(Moltar walks onto the set carrying a bowl of cole slaw)
Moltar: Where do you want this (SG knocks the bowl to the floor, with a crash) ... Captain?
Space Ghost: We're in silent running here.
Moltar: (LAUGHS) Okay, fine.
Space Ghost: (shouting) Moltar!  We are in silent running!  Do you understand the concept of silent running?
Moltar: Eh, you want another one?
Space Ghost: (whispering) Silent.
Moltar: Okay, fine.
Busta Rhymes: So what are you giving me such a hard time with giving the lasers?
Space Ghost: What are you talking about?  Moltar!  Make a fire with these eels!
Moltar: Aye aye, Cap'n.
Space Ghost: (quietly) But be quiet.  We're underwater.
Moltar: No, man, we surfaced.
Space Ghost: You handle the salads until you get killed!
Moltar: You told me to surface, so... that's, that's what I did.
Space Ghost: (walking back and forth) Now, wood pile, did you or did you not masquerade as eels and shock Zorak with that wrench?  Answer me!  Now what about these beans?
Moltar: Those must have fallen out of my hair.
(Space Ghost stares back in silence)
Moltar: Well, you're just making all this [BLEEP] up.
(Space Ghost continues staring silently)
Moltar: Oh, what, you're the only one that gets to make [BLEEP] up?
(Space Ghost continues staring silently)
Moltar: (sighes) Those are part of the dinner.
Space Ghost: No they're not.  They're part of the plot.
Moltar: They were on the menu.
Space Ghost: Murder is on the menu.  Look, bean prints on the wrench.  But what is the wrench for?
Moltar: That's where you were trying to fix the, uh, gas leak, and you made it leak.
Space Ghost: Is that where I got all these ideas? 'Cause they're brilliant! Hey! Break all the pipes in the sub for more good ideas!
(Space Ghost breaks three more pipes with his wrench; gas fumes fill the "sub")
Space Ghost: Dive!  Dive!  Suck on the pipes! (klaxons sound)
Busta Rhymes: Space Ghost is definately with it.
(Space Ghost puts his head inside a broken pipe; his voice, and everyone else's, becomes high-pitched)
Space Ghost: Hang on, Busta!  We're going underwater.
Busta Rhymes: All right, Spacey.
Space Ghost: Okay.
Busta Rhymes: You little freaky...
Zorak: (stands up, groggy) Uhh, ahhh... what happened?
Busta Rhymes: Doing that little funny thing, you'd better watch that, man.
(SPACE GHOST HITS ZORAK FIVE TIMES WITH THE WRENCH)
Busta Rhymes: You don't play no games from the year 2000 and change.
(Space Ghost walks up and hits Zorak three more times)
Space Ghost: Look, I pieced it together.  (BUSTA LAUGHS) Zorak wasn't dead, but now he is.
Busta Rhymes: Crazy Zorak, man.
Space Ghost: And then you showed up.
Busta Rhymes: Yeah, I know man, but, you know, you seem like a cool cat.  You need to come and hang out with us so you can learn what that twitchin' is all about.
Moltar: (JUMPS UP ON SG'S DESK) Hey, man, don't stand on the floor.  The floor is spoiled.  Like milk.
Space Ghost: (HIDING BEHIND DESK) This is so weird, isn't it?
(Busta laughs hysterically)
Space Ghost:  Hey... hey, Busta.  Busta?
Busta Rhymes: Yes?
Space Ghost: (FROM BEHIND MOLTAR) Remember when I licked the back of Jack's skull?
Busta Rhymes: Jack?  Who's Jack?  Where... where did Jack come from?
Space Ghost: I mean Zorak.  Zorak was who I licked.  No, wait, no, it was Brak. Ah, nobody cares.
(A second Space Ghost appears behind Moltar, followed by many more)
Space Ghost 2: Hey, let's go outside and do the show in the woods.
Space Ghost 1: Okay.
(Cut to campfire in the woods)
Busta Rhymes: I just think that this is, this... this, you know, this, the way the events have occured in the last year has been really disasterous for, not just people, but, you know, enertainment and, you know, many other things on the whole, and...
Space Ghost: (normal voice) I'm not getting one good idea.
Busta Rhymes: I think that if we don't start...
Space Ghost: Let's go back inside where the gas is.
(Cut to set.  Busta continues laughing hysterically in the background.  Space Ghost takes a deep breath)
Space Ghost: Get up, Zorak.  (Throws Zorak across set) The gas is giving me an idea.  (everyone's voices become high pitched again) Everything I do and say should be recorded by cameras.  Do you think that Walt would be interested in that?
Moltar: (high pitched) Uh, Walt Disney's dead.
Space Ghost: Who killed Walt Disney? With a wrench?
Moltar: No one.
Space Ghost: Walt Disney makes me sweat.  Is he gonna sue us?
Moltar: Walt Disney is dead!!
Space Ghost: I know!  My God, how many times do I have to tell you that?  Hey, wood! (beat) We should build something.
(Black screen with caption: "SEVEN HOURS LATER".  Cut to set.  Two boards are nailed together in an upside-down v shape.  An extension cord is taped to one board.)
Moltar: Wow.  What's it do?
Space Ghost: It's symbolic, Moltar.  Things don't always have to do things. Now, help me plug it into the wall.
Moltar: Look, uh, maybe we should just revive Zorak and talk to the guest or something.
Space Ghost: What?  And just leave the eels here?  That's insane.
(Zorak wakes up again)
Space Ghost: What happened to you?
Zorak: I was hit with a wrench.
Space Ghost: (hits Zorak with wrench again) We have to get you to the hospital.
(Cut to a rave atmosphere.  Psychedelic lights flash in the background, silhouetting Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak. Spotlights pan across the set.  Loud techno music plays)
Space Ghost: What kind of hospital is this?
(Three fireballs rise in front of them)
(Cut to Phantom Cruiser)
Space Ghost: What kind of a hospital was that?
Moltar: You just missed the turn.
Space Ghost: Hold on, watch this.
(Space Ghost steers the ship into a canyon.  It bounces and flips end over end before finally crashing to a halt. Cut to view from inside Moltar's visor; we see Space Ghost with flames behind him)
Space Ghost: Moltar, talk to me, are you okay?
Moltar: No, ugh, I'm hurt.
Space Ghost: Oh, don't worry, I'll fix that.
Moltar: Ugh, I'm passin' out.
Space Ghost: We have to get you to the hospital.
(Echo and fade to black.  Cut to the produce section of a grocery store.  Moltar and Zorak are lying on the floor)
Moltar: Ugh.  What's all this? Ugh...
Space Ghost: You can pick anything.  Pick anything you like.
Zorak: I need toilet paper.
Moltar: Ugh, I need some flavor ice.
Zorak: And pudding.
Space Ghost: Did you see the lights flicker?
Moltar: (looks) No.
Space Ghost: Look at it but don't blink.
Zorak: (coughs)
Moltar: What are we doing?
Space Ghost: Wait, did it just do it again?
Zorak: I'm gonna go.
Space Ghost: It did it again.
Zorak: Don't follow me.
Moltar: Hang on, I'm going with ya. (hops after Zorak)
Space Ghost: Not so fast.  Roll call.  Moltar.
Moltar: Dead.
Space Ghost: Zorak.
Zorak: Eat me.
Space Ghost: Buster.  Where's Buster?
(Cut back to rave scene.  Busta is still laughing wildly.  Cut back to supermarket.)
Space Ghost: This seems like as good a time as any to welcome our first new sponsor.
(A second Space Ghost walks in)
Space Ghost 2: Natural gas.
(A third Space Ghost is hiding behind melons, laughing.  A fourth pops up behind the produce section.)
Space Ghost 4: It gives you some ideas.  (More Space Ghosts appear, including SG in a tennis skirt, from "Joshua". All of the Space Ghosts laugh)
Zorak: Shut up!
(Cut to set; we are looking at a heating duct)
Zorak: (sounding far away) Shut up!
Space Ghost: Where's Zorak?
Moltar: He crawled into the heating duct.
Zorak: You snitch!
Space Ghost: Why?  Turn up the heat.
Moltar: (Pulls lever; ventilation fans spin up)
Space Ghost: (staring at duct) Good.  (walks over to opening in the duct) Zorak, get out here before I hit you.
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Moltar and I are out here doing my damnedest to put on the best talk show possible.  And you're balled up in here like a big green tarantula.
Zorak: I ain't coming out, man.
Space Ghost: How'd you fit in here? (beat) Zorak.
Zorak: I need to be alone.
Space Ghost: Did you speak with the orb?
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: Let me just touch your skin. (pulls out his pipe wrench)
Zorak: No.
Space Ghost: (knocks off the vent cover with the wrench and laughs) But now, it's time for you to come down and make America happy. (flies up into the vent opening)
Zorak: Just get away!
Space Ghost: God, it's hot in here.
Zorak: Get out of here!
Space Ghost: I'm stuck.
Zorak: Get out!
Space Ghost: I'm stuck!
Zorak: Get out!
Space Ghost: Look at me, Zorak, now I'm stuck.
Zorak: (his eyes peering back from the darkness) Get out of here!
Space Ghost: Are you happy?
Zorak: GET OUT!
Space Ghost: Moltar, grab my ankles and pull.
Moltar: (pulls on Space Ghost's ankles) Just let go.
Space Ghost: Come on, Moltar.  Zorak needs to be alone.
Moltar: You have to let go!
Zorak: GET OUT!
Space Ghost: Come over here.
Zorak: Back off!
Space Ghost: I'm gonna bite your head off.
Zorak: Get out!
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Zorak: Your boot came off.
Space Ghost: Moltar, grab my ankles and pull!
Moltar: I wonder if that's drinkable.
Zorak: (starts speaking nonsense sounds, then his voice goes into a tight loop)
(Cut to Space Ghost's living room.  He and Moltar are watching the show on SG's tiny television screen)
Moltar: This goes on for a while.  Like an hour.
Space Ghost: But I got out, right?
Moltar: Yeah... but then you got back in.
Space Ghost: Did you get the part where I was Space Ghost, a Tribute to Freedom?
Moltar: No, we recorded over that.
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: I mean, I couldn't find it.
Space Ghost: (with sanded off face) Then what was the point of sanding my face off?

FLIPMODE
GUEST STARBUSTA RHYMES
WRITTEN BYMATT MAIELLARODAVE WILLIS
VOICESGEORGE LOWEC. MARTIN CROKER
EDITORMICHAEL CAHILL
LINE PRODUCERVISHAL RONEY
RE-RECORDING MIXERROY CLEMENTS
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTJOHN BRESTAN
SUPERVISING PRODUCERDAVE WILLIS
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKEITH CROFFORDMIKE LAZZO

© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Sweet For Brak

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Sweet For Brak
Original Air Date:November 17, 2001
Guest Star:Tenacious D
Trivia:Special thanks to apprentice transcriptinator Chris Rezendes for his work on this episode, to Chris Tasler for corrections, and to Jota Cê for credits transcription.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Tenacious D appear in the monitor. The both smile and nod at Zorak.)
Jack Black: 'Sup, Zorak?
Zorak: My dinner.
(Zorak vomits a chunky green substance past the monitor where Jack Black looks amazed and also onto his keyboard pod.)
Zorak: Write a song about that!
Kyle Gass: (somewhat agitated) Alright, let's do it, fine.
Zorak: That's right you'll do it. 'Cause I said it. Zorak.
(Tenacious D start playing the intro to "Explosivo")
Zorak: (over Tenacious D's song) Wait. What is this? Heh, this ain't cuttin' it.
Jack Black: What's the name of the song?
Tenacious D: EXPLOSIVO!
Jack Black: Don't know what it's about, but it's good to goWhat's the name of my- 
Zorak: (over Jack's singing) No, no, no, no, no, stop!
(Tenacious D stop playing)
Zorak: Explosivo? What's that mean? You're fat?!
Jack Black: It becomes an evil word, if you say it low. (in a low voice) Explosivo.
Zorak: Naw, man, that ain't gonna make any money. 
Kyle Gass: (sounding disappointed) I know.
Zorak: Check this out.
(Zorak jumps out from inside his pod with what looks like a Purple Colored Gibson Brand Flying V Style guitar)
Zorak: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4
(Zorak starts playing. Flames erupt from nowhere around the guitar and some lights come from the ceiling) 
Zorak: (while playing) Explosivo!
(Zorak keeps playing. Flames continue to erupt, and grow into small explosions, Moltar comes onto the bandstand from presumably the set)
Zorak: (while playing) Explosivo!
(Jack Black moves his fingers like he's hammering on and pulling off his fingers on the frets of a guitar, and guitar sound effects seem to agree)
Zorak: (while playing) Explosivo! 
(A giant goat's head starts to lower from the ceiling. The top of the goat's head is on fire as is its chin, and flames also erupt from its nostrils)
Zorak: (while playing) Yes!
(Zorak stops playing)
Zorak: Yes!
Jack Black: We should get a big evil puppet behind us, in, uh, concert man?
Kyle Gass: (laughs)
Jack Black: Big evil puppet comes down?
Moltar: Shyeah, man, and he's totally allergic to pollen.
Jack Black: (sarcastically) Yeah.
Kyle Gass: (pretending to agree) Yeah, maybe.
Moltar: (obviously making it up as he goes along) And he's got these big... like... oven mitts, or somethin', man.
Jack Black: (looks at Moltar in disappointment and shakes head) That's not evil.
Moltar: (still making it up as he goes along) Yeah it is! 'Cause he's bakin' in, in the kitchen of darkness. A pie of, of lost souls, until it's, it's golden brown.
(Tenacious D look at each other)
Zorak: Pff. Golden brown?
Moltar: Yeah. But, but, but you can't eat it, even though you want to, you gotta let it cool off on the window. 
(Tenacious D look at each other again)
Moltar: The, the windowsill to... TO HELL!
Kyle Gass: Are you goin' off the script?
Zorak: Look, you guys need to spew more blood. For Satan. He likes that.
(Tenacious D look at each other)
Zorak: But you don't want to puke out your own blood, you understand, 'cause your gonna need those nutrients to perform the encore.
Kyle Gass: Of course. (gives a confused look)
Zorak: So you're gonna need the blood of another. Somebody else. Now check this out. Hand me the goat.
Moltar: (holding a goat) This goat?
Zorak: Thanks, I appreciate it.
(Space Ghost drops into his desk. The upper right corner is on fire.)
Space Ghost: Sorry I'm late, have I missed anything?
Zorak: (holding the goat, which baas constantly) Uh, no.
Jack Black: Nah!
Kyle Gass: Heh!
Space Ghost: Well what are you doing with that goat?
Zorak: Heh, I don't know? Milkin' it?
Space Ghost: Moltar?
(Moltar looks at Zorak and then looks back at Space Ghost)
Moltar: Looks like he's milkin' it.
Jack Black: That was, uh, a lie.
Space Ghost: How many times have I told you not to hang that giant beast head from the light grid? Take it home. Put it in your own house. It smells horrible.
Zorak: Okay. I promise.
(beat)
Space Ghost: No you don't!
Zorak: Look, Satan is supposed to come pick it up.
Moltar: Shyeah, man, we're doin' it for Satan.
Space Ghost: Satan. Did I meet him? At, at the open house?
Moltar: Yeah, he was the guy, that was tryin' to get you to- kill that girl.
Zorak: Yeah, you know, with the necktie. And, uh, crown made of femurs.
Space Ghost: Uh, I don't remember him.
Zorak: Maybe you didn't see him. Your eyes were all rolled back in your head.
Moltar: Yeah, man, and you kept sayin' "Satan, daddy, satan!"
Space Ghost: Femurs?
Moltar: Uh, Space Ghost, come in here, let me show you.
(Space Ghost goes into the control room. Moltar pulls the lever and the monitor switches from Tenacious D to a red-painted handpuppet, with fake eyes [ala Cookie Monster], horns, and teeth. "Evil" music starts playing [the same music they played when Space Ghost went around eating everybody in "Curses], and there are flames in the monitor as well. Handpuppet starts chomping teeth with chomping sound effects.)
Moltar: Whoa! Oh, okay, see, there he is, that's Damien.
(The fake teeth fall out of the hand puppet's mouth. The handpuppet looks down at the teeth and then back up at the monitor.)
Moltar: Uh, as a baby.
(back on the set)
Zorak: (still holding the goat, which is still baahing) I'll show ya! I'll show all o' ya!
Jack Black: Show us.
(Zorak starts to swallow the goat whole, very much like a snake, only much faster)
Kyle Gass: Whoa! Whoa! Okay! Okay!
(Space Ghost drops into his desk, which is no longer on fire)
Space Ghost: Look Zorak, I just watched all four "Omen" movies, including the crappy third one where he was president. (pounds fist)
(beat)
(Zorak spits out the goat. His eyes roll back into his head. He starts talking backwards with the same "evil" music playing as was in the control room with the handpuppet. Zorak starts saying something that sounds thoroughly demonic, although when played backward, reveals something to the effect of "Watch Aqua Teen Hunger Force, Thursdays and Sundays at Nine." During this period Space Ghost looks shocked and Tenacious D look at each other and smile)
Space Ghost: What's that mean?
Kyle Gass: Uh, it means "Up your ass!"
(Jack looks at Kyle)
Jack Black: (disapprovingly) Dude!
(Space Ghost laughs)
Space Ghost: That old wive's tale? Kyle, asses don't exist. Everyone knows that.
Zorak: Yeah, where'd ya learn that? Batman Fantasy Camp?
Space Ghost: I never went there!
Moltar: Hey Zorak, get out the diary! (laughs)
Zorak: (reading from the diary) "Dear Bat-diary-
Space Ghost: (embarassed) Zorak...
Zorak: -another Bat-tacular day at Camp Batman."
Space Ghost: (embarassed and agitated) Put it away.
Zorak: "Today we looked after Alfred's older sister and made sure she didn't swallow her own tongue."
(Tenacious D both laugh hysterically)
Zorak: "Haven't gotten to meet Batman yet. So far everyone seems old and in need of care." 
(Zorak and Moltar crack up)
Space Ghost: You stole that out of my Bat-locker! (pounds fist on desk)
Kyle Gass: Is that why you look like Batman?
Space Ghost: I never went there, Kyle.
Kyle Gass: 'Cause you look like Batman, dude.
Space Ghost: (annoyed) I have ears, Batman doesn't.
Zorak: No you don't!
Moltar: Batman has ears!
(beat)
Space Ghost: Yeah. Batman does, but Space Ghost doesn't, and there's the key difference.
Zorak: Because you're deformed.
Space Ghost: Because I was bitten by a radioactive spider, Zorak! The kind that didn't care for ears.
Jack Black: You see, he looks for the sensitive spot, and then he- (motions with his hand like somebody poking at something with a fork)
Kyle Gass: Why would that be a sensitive spot?
Jack Black: Uh, it just seemed like a sensitive spot, there was a shifting and a...
Kyle Gass: Alright!
Space Ghost: But that is how I got my superpowers
(Tenacious D look at each other and then at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: It is.
Jack Black: Where's Crack?
Kyle Gass: Where's Krakow?
Space Ghost: Oh, you talkin' about Brak? Don't. He's dead to me.
Tenacious D: (collectively) Oooh!
Space Ghost: So's his sitcom, which apparently is extremely popular.
Kyle Gass: Phew, ouch.
Jack Black: Touchy subject.
Space Ghost: People are stupid.
(Kyle clears his throat)
Jack Black: Was that a spinoff?
Space Ghost: More like runoff. From a waste pump.
Zorak: It's actually quite successful.
Jack Black: Sweet for Brak.
Kyle Gass: Mmm hmm.
Zorak: Yeah, I'm hopin' it'll even my own show. My show's not a comedy, it's a horredy. It's called Blood Dumpster.
Space Ghost: Your pilot gave me nightmares! This is 22 minutes of a guy running down a tunnel.
Jack Black: This is a show?
Zorak: Yes.
Space Ghost: And what's with your character, the guy with the blades? What's that?
Zorak: The dumpsterkeeper.
Space Ghost: Who's gonna identify with the "dumpsterkeeper"? I mean, maybe if he were in a motorized wheelchair you'd have some sense of sympathy for him.
Zorak: Well, it tested well. 
(beat)
Zorak: I mean really well.
Space Ghost: Brak is nothing without me. If it weren't for me he'd still be doing his show which he's doing now without me.
Kyle Gass: Can we meet him, is he here?
Space Ghost: Why do you want to meet him? He's probably drunk.
Jack Black: (looks surprise) Really?
Space Ghost: Oh sure, everyone thinks he's cute on the outside. But on the inside, heh, his organs are buoys, bouncing around on a sea of gin.
Jack Black: Is that true?
Space Ghost: Oh yeah.
(We now go to Space Ghost as seen on Brak's TV)
Space Ghost: Whadda ya think of that, children?
Brak: What?
(we now go back to the set. Tenacious D are playing with some props)
Space Ghost: You know, my feelings are so much deeper and more complex than Brak. I mean, I love more than beans, let's just say that. I love... bicycles. And there's, there's way more that goes into that.
Kyle Gass: Well, is, is your bicycle special? I don't understand.
(Space Ghost pounds fist on desk)
Space Ghost: Well yeah, it's special. My dad threw it at me every chance he got. 
(Tenacious D collectively groan)
Space Ghost: That's why I started sleepin' in the trees. He couldn't throw it that high.
Jack Black: Where you goin', Rich?
Kyle Gass: I just, I just had to get some coffee.
Space Ghost: Hey! Sing a song about my bicycle! But... none of that stuff about my dad, and sleeping in trees, and having to eat walnuts and bark for nourishment... and of course being called Tree Wizard in school.
Jack Black: Do you have some chords?
Kyle Gass: (annoyed) Yes, I've got some chords. (starts playing his guitar)
Jack Black: (singing) Space Ghost and his bicycle.   Much better than just a tricycle.   Why doesn't he have rocketcycle?   Heyyyyyyy! Argggh!!!!
Kyle Gass: (stops playing)
Space Ghost: Rocketcycle? Well I'll tell you why I don't have a rocketcycle. They don't exist. Now keep going.
Jack Black: That's it. 
Kyle Gass: That's it.
Space Ghost: No, that's NOT it. Sing something about how my thighs, and, uh, how they've developed from riding the bicycle. 
Kyle Gass: (clears his throat) Alright, verse two. (starts playing again)
Jack Black: (singing) He rides it all around. Inside his ship. He doesn't go outside his freakin' ship, oh!
Space Ghost: (singing) With his monkey Blip.
Jack Black: (no longer singing) Stop.
Kyle Gass: (stops playing)
Space Ghost: (singing) Doin' lots of flips. Then I start to strip.
(Jack and Kyle look at each other and then at Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: (no longer singing) Hold on. Wait a minute! 
Jack Black: Whoops.
Space Ghost: Your song made me sing horrible things! Do another song and do it right. 
Kyle Gass: Which one would you like to hear?
Space Ghost: Anything by Jim Croce.
Jack Black: Well, it's kind of a short one.
Space Ghost: You give me the long one!
Jack Black: Naw, do the long one.
Space Ghost: Zorak, get the candles. Set the mood.
Jack Black: This isn't gonna be allowed on.
Space Ghost: Oh yes it is!
Moltar: No, it's not, man. Some lawyer just called from the label. We can't clear the song.
Space Ghost: What?! No lawyer's gonna tell Space Ghost what to do. Kyle, Jack? You do your most famous song and make SURE it's from your latest album.
(Kyle starts playing)
Jack Black: (singing) You don't always have to...
(Tenacious D's song, "F*** Her Gently", is replaced by someone playing guitar and singing "Good King Wenceslas" badly. Video cuts to slow motion action scenes from the original Space Ghost cartoon. It cuts back to the set, with Tenacious D still playing.)
Space Ghost: (singing over the song) Time in a bottle!
(The song resumes, and video continues to go back and forth from the set to slow motion action scenes from the original Space Ghost cartoon)
All: (singing collectively) Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrd!
(Kyle plays one final chord and Jack exhales)
Zorak: That was very pretty.
Kyle Gass: Thank you, Zorak.
Space Ghost: Yes it was pretty. I've never heard it live. That totally rocked. 
Moltar: Hey, uh, Space Ghost? Some guy up here wants to see ya.
(Space Ghost invisos into control room)
Moltar: Space Ghost, say "hey" to Satan.
(We now see "Satan" in the corner, and he looks very much like an eight foot tall Yogi Bear with a crown of bones [femurs] on his head. Aforementioned "evil" music starts playing.)
Moltar: Satan, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: Hello.
Satan: Come closer to me.
Moltar: Go on, man.
Satan: Closer.
(Space Ghost inches closer to Satan nervously as Satan breathes heavily)
Moltar: Go on, go on.
Space Ghost: You here to kill me?
Satan: (looking angry) Now you listen to me. I'm here to get you on a sitcom. You want to get on a sitcom, right?
Space Ghost: Can you get me on the Brak Show?
Satan: (now smiling) They have already cast that one. But I've got some connections with this other show. It'll cost you. Dearly.
Space Ghost: How much?
Satan: You'll see. (evil laughter)
(We now go to a live action shot of a dumpster, with "I Dream of Genie" type music playing. The title "Blood Dumpster" appears on the right side of the screen. Zorak's head pops out of the dumpster to canned laughter. It now changes to another dumpster, where Zorak's head also pops up, with the word "Starring" replacing "Blood Dumpster. It changes to another dumpster, where Zorak's head pops out of yet again, and the word "Starring" is replaced with "Zorak". Now we cut to Space Ghost at the entrance of a large drainage pipe with a dumpster at the end.)
Space Ghost: Wait, what's my motivation?
(Zorak pops out of the dumpster in a motorized wheelchair with a scythe in hand and with several blades spinning rapidly on his shoulders, knees, elbows, and hands.)
Zorak: Gabba gabba go, neighbor!
Space Ghost: (running away) Oh no!

Guest StarTenacious D
Written byMatt MaiellaroDave Willis
VoicesGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy MerrillDave Willis
Offline EditNed HastingsJay Edwards
On-Line Edit(inverted) Tom Roche
Additional Special EffectsTom Fulks
Line ProducerVishal Roney
Re-recording MixerRoy Clements
MusicDave Willis
Production AssistantJohn Brestan
Special ThanksJohn Silva and G.A.S. Entertainment
Supervising ProducerDave Willis
Executive ProducerKeith Crofford

© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Momentary

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Momentary
Original Air Date:December 29, 2001
Guest Stars:Harriet Lazzo, Rachel Maiellaro, Sharon Willis
Synopsis:The mothers of three of the producers and writers for Space Ghost Coast to Coast provide a commentary track for the "Kentucky Nightmare DVD".

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed


© 2001 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Momentary - Creator's Commentary

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Momentary - Creator's Commentary
Original Air Date:May 11, 2002
Guest Stars:Mike Lazzo, Matt Maiellaro, Dave Willis
Synopsis:Three of the Williams Street producers provide a commentary track over their mothers' previous commentary over "Kentucky Nightmare".

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed


© 2002 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Momentary - Jelly Bean

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Momentary - Jelly Bean
Original Air Date:May 11, 2002
Guest Stars:Mike Lazzo, Matt Maiellaro, Dave Willis
Synopsis:Three of the Williams Street producers provide a commentary track over their mothers' previous commentary over "Kentucky Nightmare". Again.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed


© 2002 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Baffler Meal

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Baffler Meal
Original Air Date:December 31, 2002
Guest Star:Willie Nelson

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Space Ghost's set. As the camera zooms back, we see a "Master Shake" with a silly grin in front of the desk. Space Ghost invisos in.)
Zorak: (off camera) Ooga booga.
(Zorak is wearing a jungle mask)
Space Ghost: Zorak, take off the mask.
Zorak: (beat) What mask?
Space Ghost: (with emphasis) You know. What mask. I'm talking about.
Zorak: (beat) No I don't.
Space Ghost: Yes you do, you're wearing it right now!
Zorak: (beat) No I'm not. (Jumps out his keyboard pod)
Space Ghost: (shouting) Come back here, you godforsaken mantis! (runs after Zorak)
Zorak: (evil laughter)
(Master Shake shuffles forward, no longer grinning)
Space Ghost: (off camera) You DO have a mask!
Master Shake: Shake power activate!
Space Ghost: (holding Zorak) Alright! Um... Mister Shake is here...
Master Shake: MASTER Shake. Master is my name, and thirst is what I tame.
Zorak: What is that, and what's it doing here?
(music swells in background)
Master Shake: I am dethirstifying the perimeter!
Space Ghost: Uh, yeah, Zorak, obviously.
Master Shake: Aqua Teen Hunger Force, assemble.
(Frylock descends from ceiling above the bandstand)
Frylock: Frylock, the hunger hater 'tater.
(Meatwad descends from ceiling in control room, next to Moltar)
Meatwad: Meatwad, ball of compressed meat. The bun is in your mind.
Master Shake: And together we are.. (in unison)
All: Aqua Teen Hunger Force!
Meatwad: The bun is in your mind.
Master Shake: Meatwad, stand down!
Meatwad: But it is, it's in your mind.
(Zorak is no longer wearing the mask)
Zorak: What's with the stupid food puppets?
Space Ghost: Zorak, they're a delicious meal, from Burger Trench.
Moltar: Burger Trench? I found a bone in my shake there.
Space Ghost: Mmm mmm!
Moltar: No, man. It was human.
Space Ghost: Oh...
Zorak: And my dipping sauce had ticks in it.
Master Shake: The mantis mocks our mission! (Leaps onto Space Ghost's desk) We battle hunger with nutritious salt and oil-based weapons.
Space Ghost: Yeah, Zorak, that's what they do.
Master Shake: And that's what you do from now on.
Space Ghost: Uh... sure, man, whatever.
Master Shake: Not "whatever", forever!
Space Ghost: Just.. get down from my desk, would ya?
Master Shake: Frylock, cast your potato magic, I sense hungry teens!
Frylock: (shouts) I can use the amulet of Ayahockalise!
(Zorak is standing on an amulet)
Frylock: (to Zorak) Could you get off that amulet please, I sense, I need to sense hungry teens with it.
Zorak: I'm butterin' it.
Frylock: With your, with your foot on it, it's really messin' me up.
Zorak: With foot sweat.
Frylock: (shouts) I can't get to it, please get off of it!
Space Ghost: Zorak, get off the man's.. thing.
Master Shake: Frylock, unsheath your edible blade (pronounces it "blahde").
Frylock: (pulls out a blade, which looks like a french fry) Stand aside, insect, or I shall strike you down, with my battered wedge forged in corn oil.
Zorak: Gimme that! (grabs Frylock's "blade" and eats it)
Frylock: (shouts) Master Shake, he ate the fry sword!
Master Shake: Then we have ourselves a tasty little problem then, don't we? (Jumps down from the desk) Don't we!
Space Ghost: Okay Zorak, we're all a team now.
Master Shake: An Aqua Team.
Space Ghost: And there's no "I" in team.
Zorak: But there is an "A". In team.
Space Ghost: (Beat) Right, which means, probably, partially whatever you do should.. be okay.
Master Shake: No, never! Your mantis is violating the contract.
Moltar: Alright, I'm lost. What contract? What are we talkin' about?
Master Shake: Enjoying your houseboat? Mmm?
Space Ghost: (quietly) Uh, would you mind not just bringing that up right now?	
Master Shake: (loudly) No! Let's talk about it! Loudly.
Moltar: So THAT'S how you got that houseboat! (Cut to shot of exterior of Ghost Planet Industries building; a houseboat is floating outside)
Zorak: You sold us out for promotional considerations!
Moltar: And a houseboat!
Space Ghost: I didn't sell you out for a hou-
Meatwad: (in Space Ghost's mind) The bun is in your mind!
Space Ghost: (beat) I also received two cool speakers.
Zorak: (wide-eyed) Are they surround sound?
Space Ghost: Well...
Master Shake: "It." Is "it" surround sound. And no, "it" is not.
Space Ghost: Whoa. Hold on a second. There's only one?
Master Shake: You will receive the second speaker upon the elimination of all hunger.
Zorak: You sold us out!
Moltar: For a crummy houseboat.
Space Ghost: And one serious speaker! Look, guys, we're still doin' the show. We're just takin' it in a new direction, that's all.
Master Shake: Yes, a delicious direction!
Frylock: At least directly to Burger Trench.
Master Shake: Now with three convenient locations.
(Space Ghost invisos to his desk)
Master Shake: That was good. *I* want to turn invisible, and I want jets.
Space Ghost: Look, let's just get the guest out here, okay?
Master Shake: (moving between SG and the camera) Yes! Bring forth the guest.
(In the control room)
Moltar: What do you do? You, you fight hunger, or, is hunger your villain, or...
Meatwad: Master Shake is the almighty frozen drink.
Moltar: Yeah, forget about that guy for a second.
Master Shake: (shuffles into control room) What is going on in here? We fight hunger and that is all you need to know, lever man. To us, you are very small. We are huge, lever man.
Space Ghost: Lever man, don't mess this up for me.
Moltar: Mess what up?
Master Shake: Oh! Someone doesn't know about the...
Space Ghost: No, Master Shake...
Master Shake: ... limited edition collector's cup deal.	
Space Ghost: Oh, no, no! Hey, Master Shake, we...
Master Shake: Collect all four! From the entire Space Ghost gang. Space Ghost, Zorak, Brak and ...
Moltar: (waits expectantly)
Master Shake: ... the NASCAR driver Rusty Wallace.
Moltar: (shouts) Where's my cup!!
Space Ghost: Moltar, uh... how can I put this? (sighs) You scare children.
Moltar: I'm the only one that wears a cup.
Space Ghost: True... but you wear it in a bad place. And, you never rinse it properly.
Moltar: How would you know?
Space Ghost: Because I drank from it. And believe me, it smells, buster.
Master Shake: The Moltar cup didn't test well. It's yucky. Children didn't want to put their lips to it.
Space Ghost: Yeah. So send Willie out here.
Master Shake: Do it, lever man. You know I'm the master. (shuffles out of the control room).
(At the bandstand, Frylock is missing an eye)
Frylock: (screams) Master, he took my eye!
Space Ghost: Why would you do that, Zorak? (piano music begins in background) Just because he doesn't look like you?
Zorak: Yeah, that's a reason.
Space Ghost: Well, just because someone's different, doesn't give you the right to remove their face with your mouth. Your filthy, green mouth that is so odd and jagged. Y'know, sometimes I wonder...
Colonial Man: (in Space Ghost's mind) Between two steamed buns!	
Space Ghost: Wait a minute. (blood runs from his nose under his mask)
(The voice laughs; Willie Nelson is on the monitor, and momentarily morphs into Colonial Man, who is laughing, then morphs back to Willie)
Space Ghost: (blasts Zorak with his power bands) (chuckles) Been a while since you had one of those, hasn't it? Hee hee hee..
Willie Nelson: Hello.
Space Ghost: Up the chain, Willie.
Master Shake: (moves between Space Ghost and the camera) Greetings, alien. I am Master Shake.
Willie Nelson: Where d'you get them clothes? (sips from his mug)
Master Shake: This is a cup, which contains my chocolate inner being.
Space Ghost: (peeks from behind Shake) Hey. Hey! I'm doing the interview here. 
Willie Nelson: (laughs)
Space Ghost: Willie, this is a cup, which contains my chocolate inner being.
Willie Nelson: Hey, there you go, who do you fight?
Master Shake: (on Space Ghost's desk) Go ahead, Ghost, tell him what you fight.
Space Ghost: Um... I, fight hunger, Willie. 
Master Shake: Louder! Be proud of what we make you do!
Willie Nelson: (laughs) Crime down these days?
Master Shake: (shuffles toward camera) It's a crime not to pick up a Master Shake! Now in artificial flavors somewhat similar to strawberry. We have a commercial which depicts this crime, perhaps you've seen it. But I'll describe it for you.
(In the control room, Meatwad talks to Moltar, while Shake continues to talk on the set.)
Meatwad: See, I'm the pieces of meat that weren't good enough to make the hamburger.
Moltar: Well, how do people even hold you?
Meatwad: Well, you know, the bun? See, that's in your mind. So they gotta use bare hands.
Moltar: God!
Meatwad: Yeah, they're gonna rip out my eyes and thread an easy-grip handle through the holes. Please, God, kill me.
(Back on the set, Master Shake continues his story.)
Master Shake: Then they go to a Burger Trench and order one of my shakes, because they cannot fight the hunger inside. It imprisons them. You can tell that they are burglars because they wear masks over their eyes and they have striped suites. Then we show them being arrested. The ad is long...
Space Ghost: Willie...
Master Shake: ... and it is in surround sound.
Willie Nelson: What planet are you from?
Master Shake: The planet of flavor.
Space Ghost: Willie! Hey, Willie! 
Willie Nelson: Hey, how ya doin', Tex?
Space Ghost: I'm the host of the show. Not the cup.
Master Shake: Over here! Look at me! Initiate hunger imagery!
(We are treated to hunger imagery, consisting of video clips of a rotating burger on a background of fries, a scary guy, more fries, subliminal text saying "EAT", a bat chasing a burger, and a bearded guy eating a hot dog smothered in catsup)
(Moltar throws the lever, the imagery continues in the background while Space Ghost speaks)
Space Ghost: Look, when we first talked, we said that you would be running through occasionally with your food friends.
Master Shake: That is correct, because we are action heroes, and running is action. (runs to center screen) Mommas, let your babies grow up to drink Master Shakes. Willie, get on the road again, for a kid's Baffler Meal.
Space Ghost: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! This is outside the scope of what we talked about.
(In the control room)
Master Shake: (On Moltar's monitor) I am always on your mind.
Meatwad: The bun is IN your mind.
Master Shake: Oh, sweet delight! Meatwad has spoken again. Yes, keep chanting that ad line, Meatwad. How about this one: Reward yourself by eating a wad of decayed meat with an oasis of greasy honey mustard filling -
Space Ghost: Will you just shut up for three seconds!
(Master Shake shuts up, and the background hunger imagery and rock music stop)
Master Shake: (after silence of approximately three seconds) Yes, silence is golden.
Frylock: Like my delicious golden fries!
Master Shake: They come with a kid's Baffler Meal. Baffle yourself with flavor.
Space Ghost: Okay, we heard you!
Master Shake: (Beat) They haven't heard what the box is -
Space Ghost: What? What is it? What is the box? Please, tell us what it is, because you're gonna do it anyway, tell us all about the box, please.
Master Shake: (looking down) It's a maze and coloring book.
Space Ghost: Well, thank God!
Master Shake: (shuffling off stage) I guess we know who doesn't want a house boat.
Space Ghost: I- I- I..  well, come on, I didn't mean that.
Master Shake: Oh, you sure yelled it loud enough.
Space Ghost: (contrite) Please don't take away Proud Larry.
Master Shake: (shuffles back on stage) Then pronounce your love for me.
Space Ghost: Y'know, this, this wasn't part of the deal.
Master Shake: Bow down, and I will dominate you. That's the deal.
Space Ghost: Now hold on, Master Shake.
Master Shake: Is it clear who's in charge in here?
Frylock: Hail, Master Shake! Warrior of the Night!
Space Ghost: (in overacting voice) You need to chill out, and shut your lid, cup! Or else it'll be time to shake it up! (Beat) And the drinks are on me. (Beat) 'Cause I'm... tired of milkin' this shake. (Beat) And there's no... free refills this time.
Zorak: (nods)
Space Ghost: Excuse me, ma'am, but the machine seems to be out of ice, and... I just purchased this. (Aims his power bands at Master Shake)
Master Shake: (looks down, silently)
Space Ghost: Let me... let me rework this. (flys off, then returns) (Long pause) (He pushes Master Shake over, whose lid pops off, and chocolate shake spills onto the floor)
Master Shake: You have stopped the flavor!
Space Ghost: Yes, I did! Because I don't even have a boating license! I suppose I could get one. (looks toward Frylock) But still!
Frylock: Look, just chill out. Don't shoot. Don't shoot, please. Really, I'm just a ...
Space Ghost: Time to have some refried fries, fry man! (aims his power bands)
Frylock: ... this is a rented suit! (gets blasted by Space Ghost, and disappears in a cloud of smoke)
Moltar: (looking like Meatwad) The bun is in your mind.
Space Ghost: Meatwad! Meat dead? Make dead meat more like it! (aims his power bands)
Moltar: (talking fast) No wait, don't shoot, don't shoot, it's me, Moltar! (laughs)
Space Ghost: (lowers his power bands)
Moltar: No, see, uh, he was beggin' to die, so I mangled him, ate him, and put on his skin as a joke. (laughs nervously). Eh?
Space Ghost: And you're wondering why you didn't get the cup with your little face on it.
Master Shake: (wails, closes his eyes). I'm dead.
Zorak: I guess that's the end of your little-
Master Shake: (opens his eyes) Oh wait. Before I ascend into heaven free of all sin, I have a few other thoughts I'd like to share.
Space Ghost: (pounds his fist on his desk)
Master Shake: Since I will no longer be working in television, which will sadden advertisers, and prevent me from appearing with Guns N' Roses, at Phillips First Union Center in January, Yep, because I'll be dead. (Beat) I think I said that earlier. So, to summarize... classic rock will be forever changed.
Space Ghost: Oh no.
Master Shake: And I'm making a movie with Axl Rose. It starts off in the desert...
Space Ghost: Quickly, to the house boat! (flies off)
Master Shake: ... where we are both hungry, and scorpions roam the earth.
(Space Ghost, Zorak and Moltar are in the house boat, which is moving forward with a putt-putting sound)
Space Ghost: Everybody buckled in? (Beat) To the club! (flies off)
(At a dance club, Space Ghost is met by a guy at the door wearing a "SECURITY" t-shirt)
Space Ghost: Four dollars? For what?
(Colonial Man and his band are on stage; the band plays a riff after each line that Colonial Man sings, while the credits roll)
Colonial Man: (sings) Hey baby, say the way you quake, gonna break it down for Master Shake.You got a thirst you wanna quench, come on down to Burger Trench!Eat yourself a big meatwad with honey mustard dipping sauce!You want an affordable place to dine, feed your kids for three ninety nine!
Space Ghost: What have I done to the future of classic rock!
Colonial Man: (sings) Hey baby, oh baby, pretty baby... Now we're gonna break it down!
Space Ghost: (over "Ghost Planet Industries" logo) Noooooo!!!!
(Back at the studio, Master Shake still lies on the floor, blinking while he speaks)
Master Shake: Hello, God? Are you there? Is this heaven? Or am I in television?

Written byMatt MaiellaroDave WillisTodd Hanson
EditorJay Edwards
Guest StarWillie Nelson
voicesGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerDave WillisMatt Maiellaro
ATHF Cel AnimationC. Martin Croker
Compositing & Special EffectsScott FryCraig MartinCrichton Bentley
Sound DesignRoy ClementsDan Schaefer
Line ProducerVishal Roney
Production AssistantsJohn Brestanmc chris
Special ThanksSouthfork RestaurantSmith's Olde Bar
Hunger Imagery byJohn Brestan
Colonial Man BandDave WillisMatt MaiellaroJay EdwardsHunter McRea
Colonial DoormanBarry Mills
Produced byDave WillisMatt MaiellaroJay Edwards
Executive ProducersMike LazzoKeith Crofford

© 2002 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Whipping Post

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Whipping Post
Original Air Date:November 22, 2003
Guest Star:Dennis Miller
Synopsis:Space Ghost is very angry! Brak wants a bath. Zorak loses his head. Robot babies replace other babies. Everyone knows what happens next.
Trivia:Special thanks to Jeremiah Henley (Yousorrymon) for his work on this transcript.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Opening theme and titles)
(Space Ghost invisos in)
Space Ghost: Let's get one thing straight. I'm angry!
Moltar: (In the control room) Uh, what about?
Space Ghost: What about? About everything.
Moltar: Uh, like what?
Space Ghost: Like... goats.
Zorak: (In his keyboard pod, turns and looks at SG)
Space Ghost: Stupid goats with their stupid little beards. Goats are stupid! The floor is stupid!
Moltar: What about me? Stupid?
Space Ghost: Mmmm, I don't know, say something.
Moltar: Uh, the guest is here? (throws lever back and forth, the studio monitor lowers with Dennis)
Space Ghost: The guest is stupid.
Dennis Miller: Thank you for having me, Ghost.
Space Ghost: It's great to have you here. (Turns to Zorak) Isn't it, stupid?
(Dramatic music plays; Zorak reaches into his keyboard pod and takes out a blast rifle. Space Ghost stares and aims his power bands. The camera alternates between Space Ghost and Zorak as they stare at each other. Finally, Zorak puts the rifle down, and the music stops.)
Space Ghost: (Lowers his power band arm) Stupid Zorak!
Dennis Miller: Which one is Zorak? Tom Servo, or...
Space Ghost: Say what, ass(BLEEP)
Dennis Miller: Oh wait, I've crossed...
Zorak: Arliss
Space Ghost: What's that now?
Dennis Miller: (laughs) I've crossed genres here.
Zorak: Now there's a show!
Dennis Miller: I like the shop you run over here, Space Ghost. I like the boys you surround yourself with...
Space Ghost: That pisses me off. Look, I do what I want, do I make myself clear?
Dennis Miller: Mmm hmm, well, I...
Space Ghost: (aims his power bands at Dennis) DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR!? (dramatic music plays again)
Dennis Miller: Sorry. (Laughs) Already I've blown it. Oftimes when I meet people I admire, you know how you kind of put your foot in the mouth right off the bat.
Space Ghost: Oftimes when I meet people who are retired I put my foot in their mouth and I say, "Welcome to Venice. This will be your last meal!"
Zorak: And what do they say?
Space Ghost: (stretches) "Spaaaaace Ghooooost!" Man, am I angry. I'd better go blow off some steam before I explode on some fool. Aaaaaah!
(SG flies from his desk, still yelling. The Phantom Cruiser streaks through space, with SG continues yelling as he pilots the ship. Next, SG is in the Ghost Planet mailroom)
Space Ghost: Aaaaaah! Hello, a book of postcard stamps, if you please. (shrugs) Aaaaah!
(The Phantom Cruiser returns, with SG still yelling as he pilots the ship. He flies back to the set, and crashes on the floor.)
Space Ghost: (stops yelling, makes a small hiccup) Oh, good. Every time I do something like that, I give myself the hiccups.
Zorak: You sure are angry tonight.
Space Ghost: That's right, Zorak.
Zorak: You know, I like this new side of you. I think it's boss.
Space Ghost: Ah! Then you're gonna love this. (Aims his powerbands at Zorak and blasts him)
Zorak: (flails back and form, making gibbering noises, but is not crisped)
Space Ghost: (stops blasting) I'm sorry, what? (resumes blasting Zorak)
Zorak: (flails and gibbers some more, until SG stops blasting)
Dennis Miller: So, uh, I'm a big fan of Zorak, it's a hard thing to serve a great man like you.
Space Ghost: Hmm.
Dennis Miller: And oftimes this man (points toward Zorak) is of more consequence than the man (points at Space Ghost) who carries the torch.
Space Ghost: If you like green babies.
Zorak: Arliss...
Space Ghost: (Looks at Zorak)
Zorak: (takes sideways glance toward camera)
Space Ghost: (to Dennis) Say something.
Dennis Miller: Well, I have two sons, 9 and 13...
Space Ghost: Sons are the same as kids, right?
Dennis Miller: Exactly.
Space Ghost: And kids are just dumb little adults.
Dennis Miller: You don't have any kids, do you, Space Ghost? (laughs)
Space Ghost: Yeah, I have two sons. Fifi and Pierre. I shave their butts out of anger. (pounds his desk) And they hate me for it. (Hums into his palm) That's the shaving noise. Want to give a shout out to your two sons?
Dennis Miller: Marlon, Holden! (Shakes his fist forward in the air) With the Ghost!
Space Ghost: (holding up his hand) Fifi, Pierre! Get off the couch! (Beat) It is clear they're poodles, right?
Zorak: (whispering) Arliss!
Space Ghost: Everyone's talkin' about me, Dennis. We've become a nation of people talking about Space Ghost.
Dennis Miller: Weren't you doin' it with that Herculoid blob for a while?
Space Ghost: Gloop?
Dennis Miller: Yes.
Space Ghost: Sure was.
Dennis Miller: (laughs)
Space Ghost: It was good too.
Dennis Miller: (laughing) Exactly.
Space Ghost: (Stretching) Spaaaaace (BLEEP) F(BLEEP) catch (BLEEP) gonzale.
Zorak: (blinks and stares)
Space Ghost: I should be on HBO. What's their problem?
Dennis Miller: HBO has no problem, you know you're doing this merely as an audition to get on their, Ghost. That's where it's all happening. All the creativity, you're saddled over here at the Cartoon Network. You know there are certain things you can't say.
Space Ghost: Who are you again?
Dennis Miller: My name is Dennis Miller, I'm a comedian and a fan of Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (looks at a blue card) And you've come here from the future to kill me! (puts card down) Right?
Dennis Miller: (laughs, wiping a tear from his eye) Wow, I know that's my MO. (laughs)
Space Ghost: Dennis, you've played a number of cops. Tell us how you became to be Robocop. The ultimate cop! (does a powerband move)
Dennis Miller: Well, listen, I had done a one-man show as Peter Weller called "Give 'em Hell, Peter" for years, off-Broadway.
Space Ghost: Hang on, Peter. I'm way too angry to check out each off-Broadway production of Robocop. I'll wait until it's on-way.
Dennis Miller: (looks perplexed, shakes his head)
Space Ghost: Broadway?
Dennis Miller: Could not be further out of the loop.
Zorak: Hey, Arliss! Ah, made you look!
Brak: (yelling in the distance, everyone looks up. Suddenly he falls from above, and lands on his head and falls down.
Space Ghost: What the ...!
Dennis Miller: (laughs out loud)
Brak: (lying on the floor) (makes gibbering noise) That's fun.
Space Ghost: Oh great.
Brak: Hi, my name is Brak!
Space Ghost: The low quality of your name makes me very angry!
Brak: Yeah, well I have a big dent in my hinder. Ouch!
Dennis Miller: Nice to see you... Brak.
Brak: Oh.. that hurt. Zorak, will you give me a bath?
Zorak: No bath here. So screw!
Brak: Come on, I'm dirty! Look at this dirty boy! (Continues talking in background) Hey, smell my armpits! Oh boy! Come on! It's Saturday! I need my bath!
Dennis Miller: Brak is the one who stops in periodically.
Space Ghost: Thats right, Dennis.
Dennis Miller: He makes the, uh, cameo. Like Hitchcock, periodically you'll see him walking through the background.
Space Ghost: Hitchcock's the worst director ever. Did you see "Rear Window"? It's all black and white and there are no adult situations. You know it was just made to sell toys, which you can't find anywhere!
Brak: Here's one! (laughs)
Space Ghost: Give it here!
Brak: (walks to SG's desk, humming a song) Look at this. It's got a camera. 
Space Ghost: I hate this and all toys!
Brak: Look out!
(Space Ghost slams the toy with his fist, destroying it)
Moltar: Hey Space Ghost, how come you're so angry? 
Space Ghost: What?
Moltar: You need to mellow.
Zorak: Yeah, mellow out, friend.
Space Ghost: Don't tell me to mellow out! That'll just make me angrier!
Zorak: You want to mellow.
Moltar: Mellow.
Zorak: Mellow.
Moltar: Mellow.
Zorak: Mellow.
Moltar: Feel better?
Space Ghost: Knock it off!
Brak: I want my bath!
Moltar: Space Ghost is like Mr. Angry today!
Space Ghost: No! Zorak's Mr. Angry!
Brak: Hey! I wanna be somebody.
Zorak: Oh ho! Zorak is Mr. Relaxed.
Space Ghost: Are you relaxed enough to fight?
Zorak: You know, I think I am. (Dramatic music in background)
Brak: I'm Mr. Clean! (humming something)
Space Ghost: Perhaps you should consider going somewhere!
Zorak: Where would I go?
Space Ghost: Somewhere I'm not!
Brak: I'm Mr. Mustard!
Space Ghost: (walks to the bandstand) Like here!
Zorak: Eh! And here you are.
Space Ghost: Now then, where would you like to go?
Zorak: I think, I'd like, to come over there! (Walks over to SG's desk)
Brak: I'm Mr. Pat Sajak!
Space Ghost: Wait, I thought I was coming over there. 
Zorak: Oh brother.
Space Ghost: I meant to anyway. Now come on! (Confronts Zorak, sitting in his desk)
Zorak: Alright, alright, just relax.
Space Ghost: I am relaxed!
Zorak: Relaxed enough to fight?
(Zorak punches Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Ah! Son of a-
(Space Ghost and Zorak fight lamely, accompanied by "fight" music. Zorak finally lands one punch, and Space Ghost counters by punching Zorak's head off. His head bounces and comes to rest at the bandstand.)
Zorak: It didn't hurt.
Brak: Can I get my bath now?
Space Ghost: Yeah, come here, I'll give you a bath.
Brak: Yeah boy! (Walks over to Space Ghost, laughing)
(More dramatic music; Space Ghost picks up Brak)
Brak: Don't put me down!
(Space Ghost throws him across the set; he lands next to Zorak's head)
Brak: Ouch!
Space Ghost: Moltar, would you like a bath? (flies from his desk)
Moltar: Um... I already took one actually.
Space Ghost: (in the control room) TAKE ANOTHER ONE!
(Space Ghost punches Moltar; he flies off camera, amid the sound of falling down stairs and glass breaking)
Space Ghost: (to Dennis, in Moltar's monitor) What about you? Do you need a bath?
Dennis Miller: No I don't, Ghost.
Space Ghost: (invisos back to desk) Undress me with your eyes, Dennis.
Dennis Miller: (laughing) Okay. I just undressed you, and quickly redressed you.
Space Ghost: (listening to the director via his communicator) What's that now, Tom? Oh. Tom's gotta switch tape and I'm going to run down the hall and take a quick wizz.
Zorak: Please do.
Space Ghost: You sit comfortably.
Dennis Miller: Zorak, you seem to have, uh, slim shoulders there. (Zorak plays his keyboard, headless) To think, the most eclectic day of my show business career, that I spoke at Bob Hope's 100th birthday, and I had to sprint over to do Space Ghost.
(Moltar is back at his monitor; he, Brak, Zorak and Dennis all laugh)
Space Ghost: Hey I'm back.
(Zorak stops playing; everyone is silent)
Space Ghost: (taps his blue card) I'm back from the hallway. (Taps his card once) Hey, have you heard my famous story? (Zorak's body descends into his keyboard pod) It starts in a couple of minutes. Beat. A long beat.
Dennis Miller: Come on. What, do you need an edit point, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: (Dramatic music in background, black and white cartoon montage from old Space Ghost cartoon plays behind him as he speaks.) The race war had begun. Machines were building robot babies to replace other babies. Everyone knows what happened next. The End. (Music and montage end)
Dennis Miller: (laughs) Real ???
Space Ghost: Written by Space Ghost. (More dramatic music as he reads the "credits") Robots by ILM... and Space Ghost. George Lucas by Space Ghost. (He scribbles on his card) House lights up, people leave theatre. Trash everywhere. Zorak, clean up the trash while I go rethread the projector. Later, Dennis.
Zorak: Eh.
(Credits roll)
Brak: Oh no!

GUEST STARDennis Miller
WRITTEN BYMatt Harrigan
CONTRIBUTING WRITERSJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORDave Hughes
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ONLINE CONFORMDave HughesJon Schnepp
DIGITAL EFFECTSDave HughesSteve Jaworski
AUDIO POST PRODUCTIONPound O Sound, Inc.J.C. RichardsonRoy Clements
LINE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKim Manning
SPECIAL GUESTScott Perkins
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSElan ChurchNicholas Ingkatanuwat
SPECIAL THANKSEddie FeldmannCartoon Network StudiosBrian MillerAntonio GonellaCNN Los AngelesDave DubielKing Robot ProductionsDigital ZeppelinKen ThorntonSamantha PirtleTom Roche (inverted)
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2003 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Eat a Peach

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Eat a Peach
Original Air Date:November 29, 2003
Guest Star:Todd Barry

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(In the commissary, Zorak and Moltar sit at a table)
Moltar: Yeah, not that that's doin' anything for my bank account, but... (clears his throat)
Zorak: Figures.
Space Ghost: (off camera) Zorak? Moltar? (walks on camera, wearing only his cowl and power bands) Let me tell you the story of the birds and the bees.
(Moltar and Zorak look at each other, and start laughing)
Zorak: Wow.
Space Ghost: Now, don't be like that. It's beautiful.
(Opening theme)
(Space Ghost invisos to the set, fully clothed)
Space Ghost: Greetings, universe and beyond. I'm comedian Todd Barry. On tonight's show: Space Ghost! Now say hello to Zorak and the Original Way-Outs.
(The band plays intro music)
(Space Ghost invisos to his desk)
Moltar: Space Ghost, let me ask you something. How come you never introduce me?
Space Ghost: Do what now?
Moltar: At the beginning of each show, you introduce yourself, you introduce Zorak, I just thought it would be nice, one time, if you introduced me too.
Space Ghost: (laughs, putting his hand in front of his face) 
Zorak: (laughs)
Moltar: What's so funny?
Space Ghost: Moltar, Moltar, Moltar. You're only the director. No one sees or cares about you. Zorak and I are the talent. (Zorak sips from his mug)
Moltar: I thought you hated Zorak.
Space Ghost: I do hate you.
Zorak: Hey Space Ghost! Wanna hear a funny joke?
Space Ghost: See, Moltar, this is what I'm talking about.
Moltar: (disgusted sigh)
Space Ghost: Quiet, Moltar, your heat will throw off his timing, and that's why you suck.
Moltar: (another disgusted sigh)
Zorak: Alright, here we go. Er, uh, um... Knock knock?
Space Ghost: Um, who's there?
Zorak: (beat) (BLEEP) you.
Space Ghost: (beat) (Laughs) Well done, Zorak. So anyway, Moltar, I'm always open to ideas which might make the show better.
Moltar: How about I come out at the beginning of every show and hit you upside the head with a hammer?
Zorak: I'd watch that show.
Moltar: And light your teeth on fire and puncture your eardrums with golf tees until your spinal fluid leaks out.
Space Ghost: Thank you, Moltar, but...
Zorak: Can I do the hammer part? You can do the lighting his teeth on fire part.
Moltar: No, I do the hammer.
Zorak: I do the hammer!
Moltar: (shouting) You ALWAYS do the hammer!
Zorak: (shouting) I'm the hammer! Me! Zorak is the hammer! Zorak is the hammer! (starts to spaz out)
Space Ghost: Alright, it's settled. Zorak is the hammer, Moltar, you suck.
Moltar: (disgusted sigh)
Space Ghost: Now, get off your metal ass and bring in my first guest...
(Monitor starts to lower from ceiling)
Space Ghost: ... but not right now. (monitor stops, halfway down) Hmmm. (Space Ghost ducks behind desk, making rustling noises)
Zorak: Where'd he go?
Space Ghost: (more rustling noises) Moltar, the louder, the funnier.
Moltar: (disgusted) What?
Space Ghost: Just do it.
Moltar: (throws lever)
Space Ghost: (more rustling and crackling noises) (hums to himself) I'm mumbling...
Moltar: What an ass.
Space Ghost: (more rustling and mumbling)
Zorak: (looks on; glances at camera momentarily)
Moltar: (reads a book while Space Ghost rustles and mumbles yet some more)
(Space Ghost finally stands up)
Space Ghost: Turn it off, Moltar, there's nothing in it.
(In control room, a blonde youth waves in on Moltar's monitor)
Moltar: Turning off in 20 (throws his lever) 19 .. 18 .. 17 .. 16 .. 15 (Space Ghost starts tapping his blue card each time Moltar counts) .. 14 .. 13 .. 12 .. 11 .. 10 .. 9 .. 8 .. 7 (Space Ghost taps his card twice, throwing off Moltar's counting) 6 .. 5'er (Space Ghost starts tapping faster) .. 4 .. 3 .. 2 .. 1 .. 0 (Throws his lever again: screen goes white, then returns) (Laughs) Alright, uh, let's see. (Throws his lever again)
Space Ghost: (taps his card) I can't believe you said "ass", Moltar.
Zorak: Space Ghost, you're an ass.
Space Ghost: (laughs) Mercy!
Zorak: (stares angrily)
Space Ghost: Love that line. Love that line. Now, what are we doing?
Moltar: (throws his lever, the control room monitor changes from Space Ghost to a test pattern, then to Todd Barry) Uh, I've got Todd Barry.
Space Ghost: Oh. (Looks at his blue card) Who's this guy, I've ne-.  I've never seen him. Has he been on Russell Simmons?
Zorak: Uh... I don't know.
Space Ghost: Eh... Why don't we get him on the show? Screw Todd Barry. (Monitor lowers with Todd on the screen) We sure we need this guy?
Zorak: Quit lookin' at me!
Space Ghost: I've never even heard of this guy.
Todd Barry: (laughs) Um...
Space Ghost: Hey, Todd! Good to see ya!
Todd Barry: Thank you.
Space Ghost: (beat) (looks at his card) It says here you've got a car.
Todd Barry: Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
Space Ghost: Oh, you do. And it's nice. (whispers to camera) I washed it!
Todd Barry: Oh, gosh, thank you.
Space Ghost: Thank YOU. 
(Crow flies across the stage and lands on Space Ghost's head and caws in the background)
Space Ghost: So, tell me about your private life.
Todd Barry: Uh...
Space Ghost: I wanna, I wanna find out personal details.
Todd Barry: I don't know.
Space Ghost: Answer me!
Todd Barry: Uh, I don't even know what I just said.
Space Ghost: Yeah, I wanna call you later at home, you'll have to give me your home number, because I'm gonna ask you how much they're paying you. (Crow hops onto Space Ghost's shoulder)
Todd Barry: A hundred ninety.
Space Ghost: You're kidding me. (Crow hops back onto Space Ghost's head) That's weird.
Todd Barry: I'm sorry, I didn't hear you?
Zorak: Uh, he said, "Screw you, you ass." (evil laugh)
Moltar: (laughs) Yeah, you're an ass!
Todd Barry: How'd you know my middle name?
(Crow hops down from Space Ghost's head, onto desk)
Space Ghost: Ah yes. (Crow caws; Space Ghost caws back; crow caws back) Todd, this crow is trying to tell us something.
(Crow runs across desk and off camera)
Todd Barry: No.
(Crow stands by curtains, cawing)
Todd Barry: Is that the space cops comin'?
Space Ghost: No, it's something about your car. (Runs over to crow, caws at it, the crow caws back) It's in danger.
Todd Barry: Are you serious?
Space Ghost: Crows aren't interested in you, they like cars.
Todd Barry: Hey, who doesn't?
Space Ghost: Shh! Hey, this is important. (The crow and Space Ghost caw back and forth at each other for a while) Hmm, I better check on your car. (flies off the set)
Zorak: Hey, baldy! (throws a bottle at the monitor; it breaks on impact)
Todd Barry: Heckling's uncool. (another bottle breaks on the monitor) Do you want people heckling you, while you're playing your keyboard.. guitar?
(Zorak throws another bottle)
(Outside, Space Ghost lands outside, next to Todd's car)
Space Ghost: Oh, that crow was full of (BLEEP), this car's perfectly safe. Hey! A grocery store. (walks off camera)
(Back on the set, Zorak throws another bottle, while the crow caws)
Todd Barry: THat's not very funny. (Zorak throws another bottle) I'm very tired, Moltar, Zolar, you know what I'm talking about. (Zorak throws another bottle) Zofar, you know what I'm talking about.
(Zorak throws another bottle; finally, the monitor goes black. Zorak throws another bottle, and hits the crow; it stops cawing. Then, it jumps up on Space Ghost's desk; dramatic music plays. Zorak looks surprised. The crow hops forward, and laser beams shoot out of its eye toward Zorak, who ducks into his keyboard pod for protection.)
(In the supermarket, Space Ghost is rubbing melons)
(Back on the set, the crow hops toward Zorak's keyboard pod. Zorak comes up behind him, brandishing his rifle)
Zorak: Get your ass over here! (Dramatic music plays, Zorak fires his rifle at the crow, who makes a backward flip, and fires laser blasts back at Zorak) Now! (fires at the crow, who hops behind Space Ghost's desk, then pops up and blasts Zorak again. The cross fire continues)
(In the control room, Moltar talks to Todd Barry on his monitor)
Moltar: Hell, even at the comic shop here in town, like the Moltar action figure is marked down fifty percent.
Todd Barry: No.
Moltar: It's the only one.
Todd Barry: That's more of this exposure thing you were asking me about?
Moltar: Well, they want, like, thirteen bucks for it, so I guess they're selling it for, like, six-fifty or something.
Todd Barry: Nah.
Moltar: Sad.
(Back on the set, the crow is sitting on Space Ghost's desk, facing away from Zorak, who comes up from behind.)
Zorak: Right here, buddy. (Shoots at the crow; the crow flies at Zorak, knocking him down; it then starts pecking at his eyes)
(Back in the control room)
Moltar: I don't know, the Zorak one is fourteen ninety-five, so...
Todd Barry: Ah.
Moltar: I mean, they didn't even price Moltars. (Set rocks from an explosion) I mean, they're all supposed to be priced the same.
(Back on the set, Zorak laughs, as he chews on the the crow's head.)
Todd Barry: Do you have some food for me?
Zorak: (stops chewing) Hmm? Uh uh. (continues eating the crow)
Todd Barry: Hey, come on.
(Space Ghost flies back to his desk)
Space Ghost: I, I never shut my refrigerator door. I just ... (looks at Zorak) Oooh, gimme some of that!
Zorak: (stops chewing) Hmmm? Nah.
Todd Barry: What food are you gonna get? Can you get Thai food? I really like Thai food.
Space Ghost: Zorak, Moltar: huddle up.
(Harp music with scene transition; Moltar, Space Ghost and Zorak are now holding hands)
Space Ghost: This guy's obviously hungry, but we shouldn't have to share our food. Zorak, you tell him. You'll make it funny. On two. Ready? Break! (Zorak says nothing) Ready... Break! Ready...
Zorak: Hey, funny man! Got a joke for ya.
Todd Barry: What would that be, I'm afraid to hear this one.
Zorak: You're not getting any of our (BLEEP)ing crow.
(Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak all laugh)
Space Ghost: Well, thanks for coming on.
Todd Barry: That's it?
Space Ghost: Yup.
Todd Barry: Come on.
Space Ghost: How about a big hand for the hungry comedian? (Space Ghost blasts the monitor; Todd Barry is replaced by a giant eye.) Isn't he great? Aw, hell. Damn it.
Moltar: What?
Space Ghost: The bees; I forgot to tell the bees! (flies off the set)
Later...
(Next to a dumpster surrounded by a swarm of bees)
Space Ghost: Thank you, bees. I am looking forward to it. Oh, that's very kind of you, bees. Dicky said I could. What do you mean? I did too pay you back! Look, Jack, that is such BS. What do you want from me?! 
(Transition to Todd Barry's car, now surrounded by bees)
Space Ghost: It's got low mileage, and it does pull to the right.
(The car drives off suddenly. Banjo music plays, and we see the view through the windshield as the car roars down the street, through a stop sign, and finally crashing. The screen goes black)
Space Ghost: (off camera) Okay then.
(Closing credits)
(Back in the commissary)
Space Ghost: And so, that's the story of the birds and the bees.
Moltar: So, that car crash was a metaphor for when the male sperm hits the ovum?
Space Ghost: What? No, bees steal cars.
Moltar: Oh, so the crow that shot lasers at Zorak - that was the metaphoric sperm.
Space Ghost: Metaslarphic... Crows shoot lasers! Pay attention! (Beat)
Zorak: Why don't you put your clothes back on?
Space Ghost: Never!

Eat A Peach
GUEST STARTodd Barry
WRITTEN BYMatt Harrigan
CONTRIBUTING WRITERSJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSDave HughesJon Schnepp
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ONLINE CONFORMDave HughesJon Schnepp
DIGITAL EFFECTSDave HughesSteve JaworskiJon Schnepp
AUDIO POST-PRODUCTIONPound O Sound, Inc.J.C. RichardsonRoy Clements
LINE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKim Manning
SPECIAL GUESTScott Perkins
ASSISTANT EDITORHolly Payne
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSElan ChurchNicholas Ingkatanuwat
SPECIAL THANKSCartoon Network StudiosBrian MillerAntonio GonellaKing Robot ProductionsDigital ZeppelinKen ThorntonSamantha PirtleAdam "Porkroll" StockettTom Roche (inverted)
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2003 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


In Memory of Elizabeth Reed

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:In Memory of Elizabeth Reed
Original Air Date:December 6, 2003
Guest Star:William Shatner

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
:WAITING
(Altered opening theme; Alfrieda's voice is slowed down without changing the frequency. Sonny's guitar playing is omitted, and Alfrieda's singing at the end returns to normal.)
(Space Ghost invisos in on the set)
(Zorak stares at Space Ghost, then the camera, then back to Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: (now sitting at his desk) On tonight's show -
William Shatner: (off camera, on the monitor, in very strained voice, without moving his lips) Can you hear me? Can you hear... Can you take me... Can you get my message? Do you hear what I'm saying? (exhales)
Space Ghost: William Shatner!
William Shatner: That's incorrect.
Space Ghost: Bill Shatman!
William Shatner: No.
Space Ghost: (looking at his blue card, squinting)
William Shatner: (gestures toward himself) I'm the space guy. I'm Captain Kirk.
Space Ghost: Outer space shows are for children and stupid people.
William Shatner: What are you, some -
Space Ghost: Hang on, Shaq. 
William Shatner: How can we -
Space Ghost: (quietly) Let me just, um, rub my eyes here, for a moment. (Puts his head in his hand. grimacing) Oh, man. (turns his head back and forth several times, and grits his teeth) Oh, do I itch.
William Shatner: I thought, that I was, I was coming here to publicize.. some of my projects, I'm ...
Space Ghost: (shakes his head back and forth very rapidly) Ow, I shouldn't be itching like this. Oh, man.
William Shatner: I have the urge to leave.
Space Ghost: Really.
William Shatner: Yeah.
Space Ghost: Food court's downstairs if you want to scope out some eye candy, Bill.
William Shatner: (laughs) Funny, funny how those words came out of you, and, (pointing at his temple) and it shows you  the mind meld is working.
Space Ghost: Bang a left past the four-dimensional bielectric transfer portal. Here, I'll open it for ya. I forgot how primative you are. (presses one of his power band buttons)
(A four-dimensional bielectric transfer portal is on the set, next to the monitor. A door opens on the front, with the same sound effect as an original Star Trek  door. The interior is a swirling light pattern, with ethereal music in the background. Suddenly, a leprechaun from Leprauchpolis pops out.)
Space Ghost: You should really get one of these on your show. Oh wait, you don't have a show. (Scoots his chair closer to the monitor) You don't have a show. (laughs) (Multiple images of SG appear on Bill's monitor, all chanting "You don't have a show!")
(Zorak is playing the keyboard, apparently responsible for the ethereal music. He stops playing.)
Space Ghost: (laughing) Hey, remember that one Space Trek episode where your show got cancelled? Remember that one?
William Shatner: No. I remember nothing about Star -
(Alarm goes off, with red lights flashing. The camera changes in sequence: Moltar in the control room, watching a Dino Boy cartoon on his monitor; Zorak in his keyboard pod; Bill on the monitor; The leprechaun; Space Ghost)
Space Ghost: Double red alert! That sound means it's time for my death struggle with Zorak.
Moltar: Uh, Space Ghost... (throws lever up and down, cancelling the alarm sound and lights) Zorak had to cancel.
Space Ghost: What!
Moltar: Says he's got a heating and air conditioning guy comin' over to his house to blow out his ducts.
Space Ghost: Huh.
Zorak: (sitting in his keyboard pod, looking at Space Ghost)
Moltar: Uh, sorry.
Space Ghost: You mind covering for him?
Moltar: What do you mean?
Space Ghost: Go by his house and let the guy in. That way, the death struggle happens and the ducts get blown.
Moltar: Yeah, well, I don't have a key.
Space Ghost: Why don't you get a key then?
Moltar: I don't have a key.
Space Ghost: Why don't you get a key then?
Moltar: (beat) I don't have a key.
Space Ghost: (flies from his desk; he walks in behind Moltar, surprising him) Why don't you get a key then?
Moltar: Wha! (Beat) I don't have a -
Space Ghost: Why don't you get a -
(Bill is now on Moltar's monitor)
Moltar:  - key.
Space Ghost:  - key then?
Zorak: (enters the control room) I have a key.
Space Ghost: Why don't you get - 
Zorak: I have a key.
Space Ghost: Moltar, give Moltar your key, and then you and I can go fight that duct guy.
Zorak: I don't wanna give Moltar my key.
Space Ghost: (sighs)
Zorak: They're hard to make!
Space Ghost: Okay, I'll go fight the guy. Happy!? (flies off)
William Shatner: Why am I on this show?
(Back on the set; Bill is on the monitor, and the doors to the four-dimensional bielectric transfer portal are now closed. Moltar and Zorak walk over to Space Ghost's desk; Moltar sits down, and the leprechaun pops into the scene.)
Moltar: (clears his throat) Thank you all for being here. My guest -
Zorak: (interrupts Moltar) So, uh,  Bill... (looking at his notes) You like blue boobs better? Or green ones?
Moltar: (to Zorak, under his breath) Shut up, idiot!
William Shatner: I don't know, uh, this is very strange. You guys are frightening me a little bit, I gotta tell you.
Moltar: My guest tonight, the great William Shatner! William Shatner, everybody.
William Shatner: Yes, kudos to me, and congratulations.
Moltar: Mr. Shatner, I gotta tell you (raises his hand, making the "hook 'em horns" gesture): Trek rules, Wars drools!
William Shatner: There was a, there's a great deal of similarity between Star Wars and Star Trek, I've gotta admit.
Moltar: Like what?
William Shatner: Space.
Moltar: (looks left and right) Which leads me to the question on everyone's mind -
Zorak: (interrupts again) Why is everyone on Star Trek black?
William Shatner: (looks like he is about to answer)
Moltar: Shut up, Zorak.
Zorak: (looking at his notes) What've you got against white people?
Moltar: Zorak, shut up.
Zorak: Huh?
William Shatner: I guess we're not on the same wavelength.
Moltar: My, my question is: (quietly) can I have your autograph?
William Shatner: I don't sign... my name... anymore.
Moltar: Okay.
William Shatner: Yeah. I have a business manager to do that.
Moltar: (nervous laugh)
William Shatner: Would you like my business manager's signature?
Moltar: What, are you kiddin' me? Great!
William Shatner: (chuckles)
(In Zorak's house. There are two workers there, one in a blue jumpsuit, one in a red one. The red suited character hits the wall with his hammer six times, but stops and turns toward the door when he hears a noise outside. He hits the wall five more times, then stops again when he hears noise again. He hits the wall seven more times, when Space Ghost suddenly breaks the door down.)
Space Ghost: Aha! (in his best superhero voice) Look here, air conditioning and heating guy! It's time for Space Ghost to blow YOUR ducts. (The red guy starts hammering on the wall again.)
Space Ghost: En guard! (He attacks the blue guy, who brandishes a hammer. It is revealed that large boulders are scattered around Zorak's living room. Dramatic music plays, as they hop around the room onto furniture, chasing each other. Space Ghost knocks over a lamp, breaking it. The blue guy hops onto a rock and jumps down.)
(Camera switches back to the studio. Moltar is sitting at Space Ghost's desk, reading aloud from a book to Bill)
Moltar: And as the Enterprise began its gentle orbing around the planet Vulcan, uh, It was then Kirk, uh, done to... (flips pages) knew the Federation would survive! (flips pages again) Uh, let's see... The End. So... whattya think?
William Shatner: Well... (sighs) 
Moltar: Not bad for fan fiction, huh?
William Shatner: I'm afraid to tell you - 
Zorak: That's not the story you wrote!
Moltar: Yes it is!
Zorak: Your story had naked men in it.
Moltar: Hmph! The laser clothes were his powers!
Zorak: Bouncin' around.
Moltar: I had to undress him to... disarm him.
Zorak: So why didn't he just use lasers?
Moltar: Hmph! It was a time before lasers!
Zorak: (laughs) (talking in a hick voice) "It was a time before lasers!"
Moltar: You just need to shut up! (Walks off stage)
Zorak: (to Bill) So, uh, blue boobs or green boobs?
William Shatner: You guys are just making me feel very uncomfortable.
(Back at Zorak's house. Space Ghost is hiding behind a large upright boulder)
Space Ghost: Aha! (Dramatic music starts again. Space Ghost leaps toward blue guy, and throws a small boulder at him, knocking over the ottoman. They both jump around some more, knocking over lamps and other things. Space Ghost pauses for a few quick breaths, then jumps back and picks up a large boulder) You're mine, duct guy! (He chases the blue guy across the room, toward the red guy, who is still hitting the wall with his hammer.)
(Back to the studio. Bill stairs as eerie music plays. The camera pans to Zorak's keyboard pod, where we see Zorak playing a theremin.)
William Shatner: Zorak, didn't you and I fight to the death?
Zorak: (stops playing and looks at Bill) That sounds pretty dumb, man. (Resumes playing the theremin)
William Shatner: I did, I killed him.
(In the control room. The blonde guy is on Moltar's monitor. Moltar throws the switch back and forth, Bill appears on the screen)
William Shatner: I fought Zorak to the death, I thought.
Moltar: So, uh, you know what I was wondering... Nichelle Nichols ever hit on you?
William Shatner: (laughing, he touches his mouth and then opens and closes his hand like he is squeezing something.)
Moltar: Boungy boungy. (laughs)
William Shatner: (laughs) I put it on stun quite a bit.
Moltar: All right.
(Back at Zorak's house. Dramatic music plays, and Space Ghost is still chasing the blue guy with the boulder, as the red guy looks on. Finally, Space Ghost grunts and throws the boulder at the blue guy, flattening him. The music stops.)
Space Ghost: Oh no! OH NO!! I killed my best friend ever! (Sad music swells) Why do we always hurt the ones we love? Why, Herve, why? Herve, Herve, HERVE!!!!! (flexes his muscles) (The music stops)
Red Guy: Hey, his name was Fernando, man.
Space Ghost: Where's Herve?
Red Guy: I'm Herve!
(Space Ghost starts to fight Herve; they both lunge for the rock which is on Fernando)
(In the control room.)
William Shatner: I love a good donkey.
Moltar: Yeah.
William Shatner: You can take a donkey by the ear (makes grabbing gesture with his fists) and hold on tight,,,
Moltar: Uh, okay...
William Shatner: ... and ride across the range, and look really rather romantic.
Moltar: (chuckles)
William Shatner: While you hold onto the ear, and you're riding bareback.
Moltar: (excited) You ever been to a donkey show, Bill?!
Space Ghost: (off camera) Moltar!
(Moltar throws his switch; his monitor now shows Space Ghost sitting at his desk, with his costume torn and a hook stuck in the top of his head)
Space Ghost: I'm... backner?
Zorak: Hey, you finish blowin' my ducts?
Space Ghost: Sure, they're finished. I have scars.
Moltar: Big deal, Space Ghost. Mr. Shatner here was wounded three times in the Tek Wars.
Space Ghost: Yeah, right.
Moltar: It's true!
William Shatner: That's correct. I'm -
Space Ghost: Let's see some scars.
William Shatner: I beg your pardon?
Space Ghost: Prove it, tough guy, let's see some scars.
William Shatner: I, I did...
Space Ghost: Prove it!
William Shatner: I did, uh...
Space Ghost: Prove it!
William Shatner: I don't think...
Space Ghost: Prove it! (motions with his power bands)
William Shatner: (beat) I'll have to take my pants off.
Moltar: Bill!! It's a trap!
Space Ghost: Moltar, knock it off.
Moltar: But his pants are lasers, and he'll be defenseless!
Space Ghost: (beat) You and I need to have a talk. (Blood runs into Space Ghost's left eye; a droning sound swells in the background)
Moltar: Uh...
Space Ghost: In private. (Space Ghost invisos to the control room) (In a gruff voice) What do you want?
Moltar: Pfft! You called me.
Space Ghost: Moltar...
Moltar: Hey, uh, you got a giant metal hook stickin' outta your head.
Space Ghost: Enough of your lies! Moltar, I'm worried about this supercomputer situation.
Moltar: You know you're, you're bleedin' there.
Space Ghost: It's computing things that I don't like, quite frankly.
Moltar: That's a TV monitor!
Space Ghost: (beat) What's that your wearing?
Moltar: I, uh...
Space Ghost: It's so sexy and skin-tight, Moltar.
Moltar: S-space Ghost, I, I don't even want ...
Space Ghost: This supercomputer needs to be destroyed. (Space Ghost reaches into his costume and pulls out a large rock, and starts bashing Moltar's console)
Moltar: No-no-no-no-no, what are you doing, what are you doing, what are you doing!?
Space Ghost: Confound it, I'm left with but one choice.
Moltar: Great Scott, Space Ghost, not another rock!
Space Ghost: Even better! (reaches into his costume, and pulls out a rock) This is the first rock! (bashes the console some more; Bill grimaces on the monitor)
Moltar: No! Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?!
Space Ghost: I am confusing the supercomputer with logic! When it thinks I'm going to hit it with a rock,
William Shatner: It's in my hands...
(Space Ghost bashes the console some more; finally the screen cracks. Then, two slices of toast pop up.)
(Space Ghost invisos back to his desk. the monitor is blank, showing occasional static)
Space Ghost: That -
(The leprechaun pops out from behind Space Ghost's desk, then flies off camera)
Space Ghost: That supercomputer was no match... for my... patented... hmm, something.
William Shatner: (off camera) Space Ghost... (static) Space Ghost... (static) Space Ghost...
(Pan to Zorak, who has large green Vulcan-like ears.)
Zorak: (speaking with Bill's voice) I've noticed you really don't have the intelligence to be a really big star.
(Space Ghost looks at Zorak, at the camera, and back at Zorak)
Zorak: (with Bill's voice) Space Ghost...
Space Ghost: Something feels... (blood runs from his eye under his mask, he wipes it off) different.
Zorak: (with Bill's voice) I'm beginning to enjoy being on your show, more than Jay Leno.
Space Ghost: (starts yanking on the hook which is stuck in his head. He pulls himself over onto the floor.) Ow. Zorak, give me a hand here, would ya?
(Zorak walks over to Space Ghost's desk; his Vulcan ears are gone now. Space Ghost is back sitting in his desk. Zorak grunts and pulls on the hook; he finally yanks it out.
Space Ghost: Ow! (A geyser of blood squirts out of Space Ghost's head from where the hook was.)
Zorak: Wow!
Space Ghost: Okay, put it back in!
Zorak: Jackpot!
Space Ghost: Put it back it!
(Zorak jams the hook back in, the blood geyser stops)
Space Ghost: What is that thing on my head?
Zorak: It's a crown? You're the king.
(Bill Shatner is back in the monitor)
Space Ghost: That's right. I'm the king.
(Space Ghost stands up, hobbles toward Zorak, then falls over in front of the desk.)
Space Ghost: (leaning up on his elbows) Hey, rocket man, one more thing.
William Shatner: Yes.
Space Ghost: I'd like to name my own price for your big sweet ass. (laughs)
(Credits roll.)
William Shatner: (metallic echo) It's in my hands...

In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed
GUEST STARWilliam Shatner
WRITTEN BYMatt Harrigan
CONTRIBUTING WRITERSJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORDave Hughes
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ONLINE CONFORMDave HughesJon Schnepp
DIGITAL EFFECTSDave HughesSteve Jaworski
AUDIO POST-PRODUCTIONPound O Sound, Inc.J.C. RichardsonRoy Clements
LINE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKim Manning
SPECIAL GUESTScott Perkins
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSElan ChurchNicholas Ingkatanuwat
SPECIAL THANKSChris Kreski70/30 ProductionsCartoon Network StudiosBrian MillerAntonio GonellaCNN Los AngelesDave DubielDigital ZeppelinKen ThomtonSamantha PirtleTom Roche (inverted)
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2003 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Idlewild South

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Idlewild South
Original Air Date:December 13, 2003
Guest Star:Jeff Probst
Trivia:Special thanks to Craig Clark for providing this transcript.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Opening theme and titles. While pulling back from window, the camera tilts down to focus on chair.)
(Space Ghost invisos in, the camera focused on his crotch while the end of the theme song repeats on a loop.)
Space Ghost: Err, Moltar? (waves out of frame) Moltar? (loop increases in speed and pitch) Hey! Dummy!
(In control room, Moltar and Zorak are smoking joints and drinking tallboys. The room is filled with smoke. Crumpled cans are scattered on the floor, along with an ashtray and a boom box.)
(Moltar looks at the screen and laughs.)
Zorak: Ahhhhh, this is sweet.
Space Ghost: (invisos into control room) What's going on in here?
Moltar: We're drinking, so what?
Zorak: Yeah, what's it to ya?
Moltar: Care for a tallboy?
Space Ghost: Moltar--
Moltar: What are you going to do, spank us?
Zorak: You ain't our dad.
Space Ghost: (kicks boom box out of shot, silencing it) Moltar, are you aware of the health risks caused by tallboys?
Moltar: (burps) Uhh, yeah, but (with emphasis) it makes you feel like a cowboy! (drinks)
Space Ghost: It does?
(Long beat. Eerie music as Space Ghost holds up a tallboy.)
(Set. Space Ghost is riding the monitor like a bronco to the accompaniment of fiddle music. Crumpled cans litter the studio floor. Space Ghost laughs and carries on like he's in "Urban Cowboy." After a while the monitor stops bucking and Space Ghost leaps off, landing behind desk.)
Space Ghost: Woo! (stands back up, beat) Surfboard! (leaps on top of desk, makes surf noises with his mouth)
(Control room. The floor is clean now, but there is a lot more smoke. A psychedelic Carrot Top poster is on the wall.)
Zorak: He's gonna hurt himself. Probably fatally.
(They both laugh.) (Set. Space Ghost's surfing session winds down. He looks behind him at monitor, which shows static.)
Space Ghost: Shark! (flies offscreen to drum set, where he hits bass drum a few times) Eh heh heh. (hits cymbal)
(Space Ghost at drum set. With his hands he does Christy's drum fill on toms, ending with snare and cymbal.)
Space Ghost: (holds up tallboy) Good stuff.
(Zorak walks over, Space Ghost hits him in the beak with empty can and Zorak grunts. Space Ghost laughs.)
Zorak: I think you've had enough.
(Space Ghost hits Zorak in the beak with another empty can.)
Space Ghost: What do you think of that?
Zorak: I think I don't care.
Space Ghost: You'll care about this.
Zorak: Care about what?
(Grunting, Space Ghost tackles Zorak and pins him to the floor, then forcibly kisses him.)
Space Ghost: That you are now my girlfriend and we are going out twelve times.
Zorak: Wha--?
(Space Ghost stands up and walks away, laughing.)
(Wide shot of desk and monitor, which has a can on top of it. Jeff Probst is also on monitor, waiting. Space Ghost walks into shot and stops in front of desk.)
(Jeff Probst sighs.)
(Space Ghost abruptly walks off, kicking cans as he goes.)
Space Ghost: (disoriented) Tall ice cream?
(Control room. Moltar is in there alone. Jeff is on monitor, which also has a game of pong going on. Reggae music plays. Space Ghost walks in.)
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: What?
(Space Ghost kicks him in the shin and runs off giggling. Moltar expels smoke from his helmet and watches him go.)
(Set. Space Ghost runs back on, kicking cans.)
Space Ghost: (to Jeff) You seen my drink? (Jeff stares at him) You better not have drank it.
(Control room. Moltar is at the console. Reggae music still plays. Space Ghost's head pops up in monitor.)
Space Ghost: Moltar!
Moltar: (annoyed) What?
Space Ghost: You seen my drink?
Moltar: Duh-- Maybe you should drink some water.
Space Ghost: (angry) You drink some water with your ass!
(Disgusted, Moltar pulls this lever. We see a quick flash of Carl the Cartoonist and kids from "Story Book" looking at camera. Moltar recoils.)
Moltar: Bah!
(Set. It is empty save for Jeff on monitor. Hammering is heard, along with some growling. The lights dim briefly. A power saw is plugged in and turned on.)
(Jeff waits patiently.)
(The lights dim again, followed by more hammering. After a beat, Space Ghost falls in through the ceiling. Jeff watches him fall.)
Space Ghost: Woo hoo!
(Zorak stares at Jeff from his keyboard pod. A large joint is in his hand.)
(Empty shot of desk. Space Ghost drinks a can of beer behind it, sighs and rises into view, tallboy in hand.)
Space Ghost: Woo! Great party. (looks at Zorak) Great party, man.
Zorak: (stares back, croaks) Tool. (coughs, looks away)
(Space Ghost stares at Zorak. Beat.)
Jeff Probst: (nods) Good to be on, Space Ghost.
(Space Ghost looks at him.)
Zorak: (offscreen) Space Tool.
(Space Ghost looks back at Zorak.)
Jeff Probst: Uhh, I am Jeff Probst, of...
(Space Ghost looks at him.)
Jeff Probst: I host a show called "Survivor."
Space Ghost: May I call you Barb?
Jeff Probst: Barb? As a person?
Space Ghost: (crouching behind desk, low voice) Shh, be quiet. (sound of glass tinkling) What was that? (sound of a low growl)
(Zorak turns head to stare at Space Ghost.)
(Space Ghost looks up, listens to growling.)
Jeff Probst: Have you seen the show "Survivor," Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Uhh, yeah. A bunch of guys killin' each other.
Jeff Probst: Well, it's a mixture of guys and girls.
Space Ghost: (sitting up) Dancin' around, killin' each other.
(He throws a can at monitor, hears more growling. Then he stands up with shotgun and fires randomly seven times into the ceiling. Growl in distance.)
Zorak: Hey, now we be trippin'.
(Space Ghost is seated with shotgun at the ready. Low growl.)
Jeff Probst: You run a real loose ship.
(Space Ghost rises and shoots four times into ceiling. The bear from "Kentucky Nightmare" falls to floor. Space Ghost shoots it three times, point blank, killing it. Beat.)
(Heavenly music plays as the ghost of the bear rises from the carcass.)
Zorak: (offscreen) Trippin', I tells ya!
(Bear's ghost ascends out of frame.)
Space Ghost: What do you think of that?
Jeff Probst: (laughs, nodding) That's neat! Kind of like Vegas.
Space Ghost: I love you, guest. That's what's neat.
(Space Ghost has lost the shotgun and is holding out his arms, ready for a hug.)
Space Ghost: (blinks) Come here. (blinks)
Jeff Probst: Space Ghost, I'm as close to you right now as I want to be.
(Space Ghost rises. Beat.)
Space Ghost: Worm!
(Shot of blue curtain. Space Ghost does the worm from left to right, grunting the whole way.)
Jeff Probst: Yeah, that's neat.
(Space Ghost does the worm back from right to left, then collapses at the center of frame, exhausted. He lifts his head up and burps.)
Jeff Probst: Wow!
(Space Ghost burps longer.)
(Jeff smiles.)
(Space Ghost burps an extra long time, then forces out one more.)
Jeff Probst: (laughs) That is impressive! Oh, my gosh!
(Space Ghost runs back behind desk.)
Jeff Probst: You probably do okay with the ladies!
Space Ghost: Oh, hell yeah! Robot! (does robot, making robot noises for about 15 seconds)
Jeff Probst: Yeah, you would have been great in a fraternity.
(Space Ghost gets stuck doing one robot motion repeatedly.)
Jeff Probst: Is anybody actually monitoring this show?
(Control room. It's hard to see through all of the smoke. Space Ghost continues doing the robot in the monitor. The reggae music still plays. Moltar takes a sip of his tallboy and the lets out a loud fart.)
Moltar: (looks at camera) Oh, pardon me! (laughs, looks away) Don't come in here. (takes another sip)
(Set.)
Jeff Probst: I mean, I know you have a (makes quotes with fingers) "director." Is he actually...
(Space Ghost shakes up a can of beer.)
Jeff Probst: Does he do anything or does--?
Space Ghost: Shut up, little man! (sprays monitor with foam) Dah! You have a drinking problem, don't I? (flies into ceiling) Woo! (falls down onto desk and then onto floor, knocking himself out)
(Jeff looks down at him and nods. Space Ghost begins to snore.)
Jeff Probst: Hmm.
(Space Ghost snores loudly with his mouth open, occasionally coughing. Zorak springs into shot with a Council of Doom flag on a long pole. The flag is blue with a white skull over the letters "CD," which are in green. He plants the flagpole in Space Ghost's butt. Space Ghost flinches, but doesn't wake up. He coughs. Zorak lights a match and sets Space Ghost on fire.)
Space Ghost: (still sleeping) Mmello?
Zorak: Heh. He is f(BLEEP)ed up.
Jeff Probst: (nodding) That's what it is!
(Zorak starts to urinate on Space Ghost to put him out.)
Jeff Probst: I knew there was something when I-- You know, when I first saw him that just didn't sit right.
(Space Ghost is put out, his suit and face besooted. He snores briefly, then opens his eyes, coughing as Zorak sprays him one last time. Space Ghost lifts his head.)
Space Ghost: You real, Probst?
Jeff Probst: I am real.
Space Ghost: Me?
Jeff Probst: (nodding) You're real. You guys are real.
Space Ghost: Oh, good. I love you.
Jeff Probst: Umm...
Space Ghost: Seriously.
(Jeff laughs nervously.)
Space Ghost: Seriously, I love you.
Jeff Probst: (beat) I love you, too.
(Space Ghost throws a can at monitor.)
Space Ghost: Shut up, little man. It'll never-- (vomits spray of green liquid) --Work. (vomits again, collapses to floor)
Jeff Probst: Space Ghost, are you all right?
(Space Ghost lifts his head and vomits again.)
Space Ghost: Uhh, I think I'm going to be sick. (lowers head and grunts, then looks up again) Hey, you want some wings?
Jeff Probst: (shaking head) I'm not interested.
Space Ghost: I'll go get 'em. I can drive.
(Shot of Phantom Cruiser doing a loop-de-loop in the air.)
Space Ghost: (offscreen) Woo's a great party!
(Phantom Cruiser crashes into mountain with big explosion.)
(Black. After a long beat, mournful music plays.)
(Fade in on Phantom Cruiser impaled on a jagged rock. Space Ghost has been thrown from the cockpit and is lying on the ground. His right arm is detached and is a few feet from his body, his left leg is bent backwards at the knee. Zorak's flag is still sticking out of his butt. Zoom in.)
(Space Ghost's ghost rises from his carcass, shaking its head. It rises out of frame, the ghost flag still planted in its butt.)
(Blue sky and clouds. Space Ghost's ghost rises into frame.)
Space Ghost: Great party.
(Similar shot. Space Ghost's ghost rises into frame.)
Space Ghost: Great party, man!
(Music stops as Space Ghost's ghost comes to rest of top of a cloud. Space Ghost looks around.)
(Bear walks up to him on cloud.)
Space Ghost: This is a great--
(Bear pulls shotgun and shoots Space Ghost out of frame.)
(Credits roll)
Space Ghost: You want hot or mild? We'll get half and half.

Idlewild South
GUEST STARJeff Probst
WRITTEN BYMatt Harrigan
CONTRIBUTING WRITERSJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSJim MileyDave Hughes
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie HorstMelt-Banana
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin CrokerAndy Merrill
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
ONLINE CONFORMTom Roche (inverted)
DIGITAL EFFECTSDave HughesSteve Jaworski
AUDIO POST PRODUCTIONPound O Sound, Inc.J.C. RichardsonRoy Clements
LINE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKim Manning
SPECIAL GUESTScott Perkins
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSElan ChurchNicholas Ingkatanuwat
INTERNTed Murphy
SPECIAL THANKSCartoon Network StudiosBrian MillerAntonio GonellaCNN Los AngelesDave DubielDigital ZeppelinKen ThorntonSamantha PirtleEllen JaworskiYako OnukiCrawford Communications
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2003 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Dreams

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next
Title:Dreams
Original Air Date:January 10, 2004
Guest Star:Triumph The Insult Comic Dog
Trivia:Special thanks to Craig Clark for providing this transcript.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Desert planet. In a wide shot, Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak are sitting at their usual commissary table by a campfire. A hooting owl can be heard. A shooting star falls.)
(Space Ghost is holding his head.)
Moltar: Are we still canoeing later?
Space Ghost: (quickly jerking head up) I'm awake! (sips his coffee)
Zorak: No time for canoeing. We have a foundation to--
Space Ghost: (interrupting) What was he about to say, Moltar?
Moltar: Well, we run a foundation for inner-city Chinese children, ehh, who we first fire-proof, and then we set 'em on fire to see if it worked -- and it often does.
(As he talks, we hear a wolf howl off in the distance.)
Space Ghost: Huh. People pay you for this?
Zorak: They pay us to put 'em out.
Space Ghost: I was talking to Moltar!
(Wide shot. We hear the first four notes of the theme, but it immediately fades out. Another shooting star falls.)
(Phantom Cruiser. Space Ghost, Moltar and Zorak are flying back to Ghost Planet. The view is reflected in Moltar's visor.)
Space Ghost: Well, I have a better foundation, but you'll have to miss your foundation activities if you want to see how good mine is.
Moltar: Hey, what's your foundation about?
Space Ghost: You don't know because I don't-- I not know. But one thing's for sure, there's gonna be animals!
(Exterior of Phantom Cruiser. We hear the same four notes of the theme.)
(Set. There is static on the monitor.)
Space Ghost: Moltar, where are the animals?
(Control room.)
Moltar: Umm, what animals?
Space Ghost: (on monitor) You see, Moltar...
(Set.)
Space Ghost: Kids are more likely to trust their investments with animals.
Zorak: We could just get some poor people and treat 'em like animals.
Space Ghost: Zorak, write this down: No.
(Zorak stares back at him.)
(Control room.)
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Moltar, get me Lassie so I can raise money for retardos.
Moltar: Okay.
(He pulls lever. "FEED SEARCH STANDBY" pops up on screen briefly, followed by quick shots of George W. Bush on CNN, Mujibar and Sirajul from "Hungry," and a can of Diddley Squat, finishing up on Lassie, who barks a few times.)
(Set. Space Ghost watches as Lassie barks a couple more times.)
Space Ghost: Moltar, how much money's come in?
(Control room. On the monitor it says "TOTAL $0000.00" over the shot of Lassie.)
Moltar: (pointing at total) Uhh, none. None money.
(Set.)
Space Ghost: That is such b.s. I told--
Zorak: Hey, brother! Hey, brother!
Space Ghost: What?
Zorak: You want to make a lot of money?
Space Ghost: How? Blow this dog up?
Zorak: Umm...
Space Ghost: There's probably a lot of money in that.
(Lassie looks confused.)
Zorak: Okay, yeah. Sure.
(Lassie barks and Space Ghost blasts him into a cartoon puff of smoke.)
Space Ghost: Uhh, Moltar. Now how much money?
(Control room.)
Moltar: Uhh... (garbled) none.
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Get me a cuter animal!
Moltar: Okay, I'm on it.
(Set. On the monitor, "FEED SEARCH STANDBY" pops up again, then Triumph the Insult Comic Dog fades in. Over the course of the interview, he gains and loses his cigar repeatedly.)
Triumph: Good evening, folks. I don't know what to say--
Space Ghost: Hello, little fella! What's your name?
Triumph: Oh, yes. Here we go.
Space Ghost: (in cutesy voice) What's your name, poochie?
Triumph: Don't (BLEEP) with me.
Space Ghost: Ooh, doggie's got teeth.
Triumph: Get to the plug.
Space Ghost: Oh, my.
Triumph: Get to the (BLEEP)ing plug already.
Space Ghost: What's your name, little fella?
Triumph: Look, you want to know about the dog, you come over here and smell my ass like everybody else.
Space Ghost: Fair enough. (flies off)
(Zorak stares at monitor. There is the sound of someone walking up behind Triumph, kneeling down and sniffing.)
Triumph: What's going on here? What are you--
(Space Ghost's head pops up behind Triumph.)
Space Ghost: Bring it closer. (goes down again)
Triumph: (repositioning himself) Fine.
(Control room. Moltar watches as Space Ghost sniffs Triumph's behind.)
Triumph: (on monitor) This is the lowest point in my career since I was groped by that (BLEEP)ing ALF puppet.
Moltar: Sorry.
Triumph: Anyway... (lowers head, sighs)
(Set. On monitor, Triumph hears a cel phone ringing.)
Triumph: What the hell?
Space Ghost: (muffled) Mm hmm?
Triumph: Are you kidding?
Space Ghost: Oh, hey.
Triumph: Holy (BLEEP).
(Zorak turns his head to look.)
Space Ghost: No, I don't have a cold, but my nose /is/ shoved up a dog's ass.
Triumph: What is this, eh?
Space Ghost: I'm in space. Where'd you think I was?
Triumph: What, is that where we are? Space?
Space Ghost: Shh.
Triumph: (mocking) Ooh, we're in outer space!
Space Ghost: (popping up again) Please shut up, dog. I'm on the phone.
Triumph: Space Ghost-- Get to the plug.
Space Ghost: (muffled) Uh huh.
Triumph: Let's talk about my beautiful singing voice.
Space Ghost: I count seven creases.
Triumph: What?
Space Ghost: Hang on, I'll send you a picture.
Triumph: Uhh... (flash goes off)
Space Ghost: Did you get the picture?
Triumph: Ehh...
Space Ghost: Thank you. (invisos back to set, waves) That dog's ass had some great promotional offers.
Triumph: Who watches this show?
Space Ghost: Don't know.
Triumph: Anybody?
Space Ghost: Not sure.
Triumph: Seriously?
Space Ghost: Seriously!
(Long beat.)
Triumph: There's more heat on the crap I left in your dressing room than in this show.
Space Ghost: Hang on. (into com) What do I want this dog to do, Moltar?
Moltar: (on com) I think you wanted him to be the mascot for your foundation.
Space Ghost: Thank you.
Triumph: What, are you looking for a boyfriend now?
Space Ghost: (into com) But I want Lassie to be the mascot for my foundation.
(Control room.)
Moltar: Lassie is dead.
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Ahh, damn it.
(Set.)
Triumph: 12:15 on Sunday night, good for you. Holy (BLEEP).
Space Ghost: (into com) Can we rebuild him?
Moltar: (on com) Uhh, I don't know. Maybe.
Space Ghost: Thank you. Good news, everybody. We're rebuilding Lassie. (to Triumph) You ever work with Lassie?
Triumph: If by "working" you mean "bang up the ass," yes, I have worked with her.
Space Ghost: (laughs nervously, to Zorak) Did you hear what that guy said?
Zorak: (after a beat) No.
Space Ghost: He said he banged a dog up the you-know-what.
Zorak: (after a beat) No.
Space Ghost: Can you say "bang a dog up the ass" on TV?
Zorak: (after a long beat, nods) No.
Space Ghost: Anything happen?
Zorak: Umm, I think some money came in.
Space Ghost: Really? Hang on. (clears throat) Okay. (to camera) I, too, banged a dog up the a--
(Quick cutaway to "PLEASE STAND BY" signal over Ghost Planet Industries drawing from "Story Book," with pleasant music.)
(Control room. "PLEASE STAND BY" in on monitor. Space Ghost has his hands on his hips.)
Space Ghost: Oh, come on, Moltar. It's not like it was alive or anything.
Moltar: They can take you off the air for that kind of shit-- Er, I mean, stuff.
Space Ghost: When did you become such a puritan?
(Space Ghost invisos back to set.)
Triumph: Can we talk about some of the songs for a second?
Space Ghost: Sure, we can talk about anything.
Triumph: Yes.
Space Ghost: So long as Sister Mary Moltar isn't in the room.
(Control room.)
Moltar: Tch, you're really digging yourself a really deep hole.
Space Ghost: (on monitor) A hole that I will bang my way out--
(Moltar pulls the lever, bringing "PLEASE STAND BY" back up, with music. It fills screen for a few seconds. When we come back to control room, Space Ghost is in there again.)
Space Ghost: Calm down with this religion.
Moltar: You know, all this salty language, see, it ain't helping the foun--
Space Ghost: All I know, Moltar, is I am trying to create a retardo-free society.
(On the monitor, Triumph's face is being sniffed by a white dog puppet.)
Moltar: Well, you'll probably have the thanks of all the retarded people watching.
Space Ghost: They're not retarded, Moltar. "Retardo" is the name of the disease, okay? I named it.
(On the monitor, Triumph is now vigorously humping the white dog.)
Space Ghost: And tonight, with this cute little dog's help... we're going to find a cure.
Triumph: (on monitor) Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
(Space Ghost invisos out.)
Moltar: Space Ghost--
Triumph: (looking at camera) What, is the song over? (dismounts white dog) Okay, okay. Nobody told me, nobody told me. Thanks, bitch.
(Set.)
Space Ghost: Nice!
Triumph: I'm sorry, I thought the show...
Space Ghost: (to Zorak) And this was your idea for show six.
(Zorak stares back.)
Triumph: Let's talk about something nice. Let's talk about my beautiful singing voice. Right?
Space Ghost: Okay.
Triumph: We've got a lot of cool songs on the album that break the lid off the dog industry, like "Benji's Queer." Why don't you play a little of it, Space Ghost?
Space Ghost: Moltar?
(Control room.)
Moltar: Umm. You know, we...can't.
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Why not, Mommy?
Triumph: (offscreen) Screw him!
Moltar: There's just a lot of...
Triumph: (overlapping) I've got a song about him, too!
Moltar: ...questionable content.
Triumph: Oh, yes!
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Well, here's a question: Play the song or you're fired! (to camera) And when I say "fired," I mean your job will be given to someone who can bang it up the ass pro--
("PLEASE STAND BY" and music, very briefly.)
(Control room.)
Moltar: Man, they will shut us down.
Space Ghost: Well, I bet Zorak doesn't care. Zorak, get in here! You're director now!
Moltar: Now, wait a second. Wh-what about me?
Space Ghost: You will lick my shiny boots, for you are now my dog on a leash.
(Zorak has arrived in control room with a pair of large headphones.)
Zorak: Ahem. I'm ready to direct, sir. You'll need these headphones.
Triumph: (on monitor) Zorak. Oh, (BLEEP).
(Set. Space Ghost is listening to Zorak's directions through headphones.)
Space Ghost: Mm hmm. Okay.
(Moltar is standing next to the desk on a leash, his hands behind his back.)
Space Ghost: Do you have pets, Triumph, like the one I'm showing you?
Triumph: Ehh, yeah, I've got a... Do worms in your ass count as pets?
Space Ghost: Hang on. (listening) Mm hmm?
(In control room, Zorak is muttering gibberish.)
Space Ghost: Good. Yes, they do.
Triumph: I've got about eight roundworm in there. Frederick is, eh, he's the shy one.
Space Ghost: (listening) Uh huh.
Triumph: He just likes to eat.
Space Ghost: Well, I love to eat worms. Out of people's asses!
Triumph: Uhh, ehh, uhh...
Space Ghost: Hold on, he's laughing.
Triumph: Uhh...
Space Ghost: On the subway.
Triumph: How did you get your job?
Space Ghost: (to Moltar) Tell him, dog. (tugs leash) Tell him, dog.
Moltar: Uhh. Scooby Doo.
Space Ghost: That's a good dog.
Triumph: I'm familiar with Scooby and I used to work together for Frank Sinatra, yes. Every now and then we would help him bury hookers in the desert.
Space Ghost: (listening) Good. Well, I run a pack of hookers. Mm hmm. What uh? Oh, yes. Weiner.
Triumph: Uhh, whatever, man. (laughs) You're in trouble, my friend. You're going down faster than Benji did in the Snow Dogs' locker room. Have I mentioned that Benji's queer?
Space Ghost: (listening) Well, I'm queer, too.
Triumph: Uhh...
Space Ghost: Mm hmm.
Triumph: Yes, good observation from the space man.
Space Ghost: I'm here, I'm queer, get used to it.
Triumph: Uhh...
Space Ghost: Mm hmm. And I like to eat my own butt.
Triumph: (laughing) Yes.
Space Ghost: Good. When I'm not killing hookers.
Moltar: Oh, Space Ghost, what are you saying?!
Space Ghost: Shut up, dog. Eat your biscuit! (tugs leash)
Triumph: Is it true that Wonder Woman once violated you with--
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Hang on, I just came up with a new slogan for my foundation. Who wants to hear it?
Triumph: Ahh, please.
Space Ghost: (listening) Mmm. (tentatively) We moisten your dreams with man-urine?
Triumph: (after a beat) Whatever you say with your out of space jargon--
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Won't you help? Just 20 cents a day and (with more conviction) we moisten your dreams with... man-urine. Won't you help? I think I will.
(Space Ghost is now holding a coffee mug, which he lowers behind desk. After a pause, we hear him start to fill it.)
Space Ghost: Won't you help? (under his breath, quickly) Under the desk.
(Quick close-up of Triumph looking perplexed. With a final jiggle behind the desk, Space Ghost finishing filling the mug, which he raises.)
Space Ghost: Now, Moltar, sprinkle my contribution on the children, so that they may dream.
Moltar: Ehh, I'm lost. How does this relate to curing retardos?
Space Ghost: It doesn't, Moltar. Can't you see what I'm doing here? I'm holding my own urine in a cup because I have responsibilities. Won't you help?
(Zorak plays the piano intro to "Desperado" by the Eagles. Space Ghost appears -- sans headphones -- in a spotlight dotted with sparkles. He sings, backed up by the Williams Street Men's Chorus, which is slightly out of phase with him.)
Space Ghost: Hey, retardos, why can't you walk over here?You've been out mending fences, probably can't even walk now.But retardos, meet your warm, golden cure,'Cause you've been out mending fences where you'll never walk alone.So send me some money or I'll bang you up,Yes, I'll bang you right up your ass----------
(Brief pause. Space Ghost holds up a large foam hand with one finger raised.)
Space Ghost: So retardos number one forever.
(The backup singers continue going "Ooh" as credits roll.)
Space Ghost: Ladies and gentlemen, if I could just have a moment of your time. Help us save a life, perhaps yours, drop by precious drop. Because we're all the same yellow color inside. Thank you. Only with your urine can we be curin', so please, get up and pee in a cup. And remember, retardos number one, forever.

Dreams
GUEST STARTriumph the Insult Comic Dog
WRITTEN BYMatt Harrigan
CONTRIBUTING WRITERSJim FortierMatt MaiellaroPete SmithDave Willis
EDITORSDave HughesTom Roche (inverted)
VOICESGeorge LoweC. Martin Croker
MUSICSonny SharrockEddie Horst
MUSICIANSSonny SharrockLance CarterEddie HorstAlfrieda Gerald
WILLIAMS STREET MEN'S CHORUSRoy ClementsKeith CroffordMike LazzoMatt Maiellaro
DESIGN COMPANYBig Deal Cartoons
ANIMATION DIRECTORC. Martin Croker
DIGITAL EFFECTSDave HughesSteve Jaworski
AUDIO POST PRODUCTIONPound O Sound, Inc.J.C. RichardsonRoy Clements
LINE PRODUCERVishal Roney
PRODUCTION COORDINATORKim Manning
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTSNicholas Ingkatanuwatmc chris
INTERNTed Murphy
SPECIAL THANKSCartoon Network StudiosBrian MillerAntonio GonellaCNN Los AngelesDave DubielDigital ZeppelinKen ThorntonSamantha PirtleCrawford CommunicationsRobert SmigelEddie Horst
ORIGINAL SPACE GHOST DESIGNAlex Toth
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERMatt Harrigan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERSKeith CroffordMike Lazzo

© 2004 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous | Next


 


Live at the Fillmore

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous
Title:Live at the Fillmore
Original Air Date:April 11, 2004
Guest Star:Susan Powter
Trivia:Special thanks to Craig Clark for providing this transcript.

Choose a format: Regular Table Indented Condensed
(Opening theme and titles. As the camera pulls back from window, there is the sound of a phone ringing. It continues to ring once the theme is over. Space Ghost does not inviso to the set.)
(Shot of Zorak reading a piece of paper while phone continues to ring.)
(Shot of Moltar reading a book. Finally, the machine beeps and picks up.)
(Shot of Dr. Weird's phone from "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" sitting on the floor in the control room.)
Space Ghost: (on machine) Can you all come down to jail and get me out of jail? 'Cause guess where I am. Jail.
(Jail. Close-up of Space Ghost behind bars, smoking a cigarette. He inhales and talks to a squat robot in the cell with him.)
Space Ghost: Hey, guess what? (coughs and sniff) Last night I was having dinner and discovered I didn't have any money.
(Wider shot to establish that Zorak and Moltar are there, outside the cell.)
Space Ghost: So I told my dining companion...
Zorak: The waiter, right?
Space Ghost: Yes, the waiter. So I told him that we were going to have to sneak out. And get this: You know what the guy says to me? "I'm your waiter."
(Close-up of robot, not reacting.)
Space Ghost: So anyway, after the police had arrived, I ordered more food. I mean, I thought I'd pay him for the food I ate with the food I just ordered. What's wrong with that?
Space Ghost and Zorak: (simultaneously) So I decided to pay the bill--
(Space Ghost stops and looks at Zorak. Beat.)
Space Ghost and Zorak: (more deliberate) I decided--
(Beat. The robot backs out of frame with a squeak.)
Space Ghost and Zorak: --to pay--
(Space Ghost and Zorak are now in a standoff.)
Zorak: --the bail bond--
Space Ghost: (overlapping) The bail bond!
(Beat.)
Space Ghost and Zorak: (quickly) --with this week's show budget!
Moltar: You know, we've had this conversation at least four times.
Space Ghost: Moltar, reach down my pants and get the show budget to pay the bail.
Moltar: No!
Zorak: You know you want to.
Moltar: ...I know.
(Zorak hops out of the way and Moltar walks up to the bars.)
Moltar: Hup.
(He unzips Space Ghost's pants and reaches down, fumbling around for a few seconds.)
Moltar: Oh, er. Uhh, this is it, right?
Space Ghost: What were you doing with one thousand dollars?
Moltar: (overlapping) Whoa, it was in your pants.
(Beat.)
Zorak: Umm--
Space Ghost: Well, what would you have me to do, Zorak? (invisos out of cell, reappearing between Zorak and Moltar) Reach down my pants in public in front of the female police?
(Beat.)
Zorak: I didn't say anything--
Space Ghost: Oh, but you're (CLOWN HORN)ing thinking it.
Zorak: I'm not (CLOWN HORN)ing it. I'll, I'll tell you what I am thinking. I think you took that thousand dollars--
Space Ghost: And put it in my underwear, yes. Then went out to dinner, yes. And then you came to jail. Yes.
Zorak: (southern accent) So, here we are bailing you out of jail for something questionable again.
Space Ghost: Yes.
Moltar: So, we're spending the show budget to get you out of jail.
Space Ghost: Yes! Er, no, because--
Moltar: Again.
Space Ghost: No, no, molten man. Look, here's what we're doing. We don't need a budget, we're...doing a remote!
Moltar: Okay...
(Zorak chuckles.)
Moltar: Umm, I'll go get-- Should I go get the camera?
Space Ghost: No.
Zorak: What? We're going to do the show without cameras?
Space Ghost: Zorak, maybe you would maybe get out of this jail 15 minutes before the show starts with no ideas, but maybe one idea that's brilliant, like no cameras on this remote.
Zorak: Oh ho. I'll tell you what sucks -- your ideas!
Space Ghost: Well, why don't you just ask the box office?
Zorak: (reading page of script) And I say, "Ask 'em what?"
Space Ghost: And I reply... (holds up script) "For ideas, ashhole! They have 'em."
Zorak: What are you talkin' about?
Space Ghost: Here's an idea:
Space Ghost and Zorak: (simultaneously) We'll use the old Susan Powter interview.
Space Ghost: Where do you get this stuff? That's awesome. You're a genius! And will be promoted by the end of this show.
Moltar: Ehh. We've had /this/ conversation at least five times!
Space Ghost: You know what? You're fired. Send in the next candidate.
(Long beat while they remain motionless. Moltar turns his head.)
Moltar: Hey.
Space Ghost: Oh, I didn't see you there! Oh, screw it, you're hired and promoted!
Moltar: All right.
Zorak: (with his back to the others) I can tell you what I'm doing. (breaks wind) Smell that?
Space Ghost: There's someone who's using their ass.
(Moltar groans.)
Space Ghost: Way to fart with your ass, Zorak.
Zorak: Yeah, thanks.
Space Ghost: So, who's hungry? (conspiratorially) I'll meet you back at the set because I have a scheme.
Zorak: Ehh, why don't we just stay here? We're going to end up here anyway.
Space Ghost: Really? You're on the ball.
Moltar: All right. (rustling papers) Uhh, these are all the things that we will say here now.
Space Ghost: Mm-kay. Good.
Moltar: And, uhh, on a personal note, I just wanted to thank you in advance for rehiring and promoting me.
Space Ghost: Good, you are now king. Good work! Now, let's get back to the set because I have another idea! Because my brain is coming up with ideas. Period.
(Set. Space Ghost is behind desk. The monitor lowers with the green screen on it.)
Space Ghost: Roll the Susan Powter interview!
(When the monitor stops, Susan Powter appears on it.)
Susan Powter: Well, I may as well-- I may as well tell you here, sitting here with you, Space Ghost.
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Hello, Susan!
Susan Powter: I'm really a transsexual, actually. I'm not a woman at all.
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Wait, pause tape. This isn't working.
(Susan freezes.)
(Control room.)
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Moltar, roll an old show. I'm going to interview it.
Moltar: (exhales quickly) Huh, uh, all right. (pulls lever, screen goes black)
(Set. Green screen on monitor, which is replaced by footage from this very episode.)
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Moltar, reach down my pants and get the show budget to pay the bail.
Moltar: (on monitor) No!
Space Ghost: Hello, show!
Zorak: (on monitor) You know you want to.
Moltar: (on monitor) ...I know. Hup.
(On monitor, he unzips Space Ghost's pants and reaches down, fumbling around for a few seconds.)
Space Ghost: Just use any answer, Moltar.
(Control room. Moltar is reading his book.)
Moltar: (on monitor) Oh, er. Uhh, this is it, right?
Space Ghost: (on monitor) What were you doing with one thousand dollars?
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Do you see what they're doing in that show?
Moltar: (on monitor) Whoa, it was in your pants.
Space Ghost: We could do that.
Zorak: (on monitor) Umm--
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Well, what would you have me to do, Zorak?
Space Ghost: (overlapping) Except for you, Zorak. You're messing it up.
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Reach down my pants in public in front of the female police?
Space Ghost: Nobody cares for you.
Zorak: (on monitor) I didn't say anything--
Space Ghost: (on monitor) Oh, but you're (CLOWN HORN)ing thinking it.
(Control room. The shot with Space Ghost and the monitor is on his monitor.)
Moltar: Well, I've got an idea. (throws lever, monitor on set goes gray) There's not enough of me punching you in the crotch.
(Set.)
Space Ghost: Hmm. Both of you? (looks at Zorak) Has that been done before?
Zorak: I don't know.
(Control room.)
Moltar: Probably, but it'll be fun.
Space Ghost: (offscreen) Good idea, Moltar.
(Moltar walks away from console.)
(Set.)
Space Ghost: But you're going to have to catch me first.
(He tries to fly off just as Moltar arrives on the set and runs right into him, landing on his ass on the desk.)
(Moltar stands in front of the monitor, which is now green.)
Moltar: Uhh, hoo.
(We hear punches being thrown as Zorak crosses the set in fighting position.)
Zorak: Here, scoot over.
(Space Ghost lies back on desk.)
Zorak: There we go.
(Moltar laughs as they both punch Space Ghost repeatedly in the crotch while he hums to himself. Or, rather, they would if Moltar had been animated to punch Space Ghost in the crotch. Instead, he just stands there while Zorak punches him. The monitor, by the way, is gray again.)
Moltar: Umm, you can't feel this, right?
Space Ghost: This is good, this is working, even though my idea to run away did not occur. (continues humming)
Moltar: You know what? I think we have done this. Plus, my arm's getting tired.
Zorak: (stops throwing punches) I could do this all day, but there's no plot.
Space Ghost: (standing up) No, this is the plot.
Moltar: (walking away) I gotta take a break.
Space Ghost: Oh, fine, sure. Throw the story away.
Moltar: Well, why don't you just buy a crotch-punching robot?
Space Ghost: Shut up. I'm getting an idea. (sits down) Since people love robots and robots love crotches...
(Back to wider shot, in which the monitor is green again.)
Space Ghost: I need you to go on the Internet with your money and order up a punch-crotching robot! Now the story has legs.
Moltar: Only I don't have any money, or the Internet.
Space Ghost: Impossible! Refresh all dialogue with Internet possibilities! Sign on with my screenname.
Moltar: (sighs) Okay... What's your screenname?
Space Ghost: (arms folded) Refresher, password "dianarossfan."
(Monitor is gray again.)
Zorak: Huh-ho! You like her? (evil laugh, which continues underneath)
Moltar: Who doesn't?
Space Ghost: Shut up! Now I don't like her. (Zorak stops laughing) Now, if you'll all go back to your chairs, look under your chairs and you'll find bombs that you can explode by! Thank you. The end.
(Monitor is green again. When Zorak responds, his beak doesn't move.)
Zorak: Umm, no.
Space Ghost: Okay. (beat) Here's another idea: I'll dress up like Mark Twain and do my one-man show with Zorak and Moltar.
(Banjo music begins to play. Space Ghost is out in front of the desk, with Zorak and Moltar to the side. Space Ghost waves.)
Space Ghost: (gravely) "Racism is Bad," a one-man show.
(Dissolve to close-up of Space Ghost. The monitor is no longer in show over his shoulder. The lip-flip is noticeably off.)
Space Ghost: I begin. St. Louis, 1972. A riverboat makes its way down the river towards... towards... (looks at Moltar and Zorak for help) You know, it was on PBS. Ireland. Was it Ireland? (looks at Moltar and Zorak again) Dancing, the dancing guys. You know!
Moltar: Which one? The "Riverdance" guy?
Space Ghost: No. The, the-- Oh... (puts hand over his face in shame)
Zorak: Umm, Michael Jordan?
Space Ghost: No.
Zorak: But somebody Jordan. (beat) Michael Jordan?
Space Ghost: Mm mm, no. But somebody Jordan. Get out a phone book and read every name. I'll know it when I hear it.
Moltar: What, are you asking me seriously?
Zorak: What are we doing again?
(The banjo music stops as we cut to the three of them in the commissary.)
Space Ghost: Okay, I like how it starts, but I need an ending for "Racism is Bad," because some races are bad, but let's not get lost in the ending because I think it works.
Moltar: How about you (CLOWN HORN) off?
Space Ghost: But wait. Ho-hold on. Read that back to me. I like where that's going.
Moltar: What? The (CLOWN HORN) off part?
Space Ghost: No, that's working. Read that back to me.
Moltar: Umm... Read that back to me.
Space Ghost: No, read /that/ back to me.
Moltar: (without inflection) Read that back to me.
Space Ghost: No, you're doing it all wrong. Now, read that back to /me/.
Moltar: Readthat...back...to...me.
Space Ghost: Wrong! Start from the jail!
Moltar: Why are you doing this to me?
Space Ghost: No, no, no. Why are /you/ doing this to /me/?
Moltar: Why are you doing this to /me/?
Space Ghost: Brilliant! See, if we work on it, it works.
Zorak: Well, I thought the crotch-punching thing was working.
Space Ghost: Really? Well, let's start that again.
Zorak: Oh, hell yeah!
(Set. Space Ghost is straddled between the desk and the chair next to it. Zorak, who is clumsily stuck into the desk, is the only one punching Space Ghost's crotch, but there is the sound of two people doing it. Moltar stands to the side, motionless.)
Space Ghost: (sighs) You know, I like it, But I-- I don't know. Just something's missing from it.
Moltar: The only thing missing is you sawing your head off with a knife.
Space Ghost: Okay, stop. Now we're getting jokey. (gets down) Enough with the jokes, okay? We're not trying to make jokes.
(Zorak starts punching the back of Space Ghost's head.)
Space Ghost: We're trying to tell a story here. A story...about an omelette.
(For the next line, Space Ghost's lips don't move.)
Space Ghost: How about I cook an omelette?
Moltar: That's good writing, but is it a good ending?
Zorak: Sure it is!
Space Ghost: But will the audience believe it?
Zorak: Ehh, no.
Space Ghost: Hmm. Then we'll have to make them believe it, with our savory hobbit omelette.
(Time cut. Space Ghost is standing behind desk cooking an omelette in a frying pan. Moltar is standing to his left and Zorak is to his right, punching him in the crotch.)
Moltar: Now /this/ is an ending.
Space Ghost: Shut up, Moltar! Now that's the ending.
Moltar: Is that the ending for the Mark Twain show or for our show?
Space Ghost: It doesn't matter.
(Zorak has stopped punching Space Ghost in the crotch and is sitting on the chair. Moltar is standing in front of the desk.)
Space Ghost: Space Ghost made an omelette.
(Beat.)
Moltar: Well, I'm not really hungry.
Zorak: Me, neither.
Space Ghost: Hmm. Well, someone needs to eat this. Call Dr. Science and have him rewire the crotch-punching robot into an omelette-eating robot.
Moltar: Okay. (long beat while he stands in place) He says he can't do it.
Space Ghost: Then ask him if he wants the omelette. (beat while Moltar stays where he is) Are you talking to Dr. Science, right now?
Moltar: Yyyy-yes.
Space Ghost: Because it look like you're just standing there.
Moltar: No, I just called him, and he said the robot can only punch omelettes.
Space Ghost: Brilliant! Bullsh(CLOWN HORN)! He can make that robot do anything he wants. Get him on the phone.
(Space Ghost hops over to Moltar and holds up his power band arm threateningly.)
Space Ghost: Or maybe /you/ should get him on the phone since you have this amazing technology to call him.
(Cut to a wide shot reveals the robot from the jail is now standing in front of the desk. Space Ghost notices it.)
Space Ghost: What's this?
Zorak: (hick voice) Why, it looks like a robot! Hit it with a stick, Daddy!
Space Ghost: Can this whole show be deleted? Well, what do you think?
(Cut to background for credits, with no actual credits on it. Theme plays.)
Space Ghost: Hey, what the hell's going on? What are these words doing here?
Moltar: These are the credits.
Space Ghost: If I wanted to read a book I'd go to the carnival.
(Cut to Space Ghost standing in front of a blue background. Carnival music plays. He points offscreen.)
Space Ghost: What's this word?
(Cut to part of a red sign with white lettering. We can see "IT IS DA" and "TO ST.")
Moltar: "It."
Space Ghost: So that's how "it"'s spelled.
Zorak: Huh.
(Cut to Zorak in front of black. His beak movement doesn't match what he says.)
Zorak: Son of a gun. (Cut to Space Ghost pointing to the second word on sign. We can now see "IT IS DANG" and "TO STAND." The background here is also black.)
Space Ghost: Do this one.
Moltar: "Is."
(Close-up of Space Ghost in front of black.)
Space Ghost: Well, it looks just like the other word.
(Close-up of Moltar in front of black.)
Moltar: Yeah, it...starts off the same way.
Zorak: Damn!
(Shot of Space Ghost pointing in front of black.)
Space Ghost: Read that one!
Moltar: It's, uhh...
(Shot of Moltar standing next to sign. It reads in full "IT IS DANGEROUS TO STAND HERE.")
Moltar: (having trouble) "Dan...ger..."
(We start to hear the sound of something approaching)
Space Ghost: No, no. We'll pass that one. Read this one instead.
(Wide shot of the three of them standing on the curve of a rollercoaster track. There is a moon in the sky above them called the moon.)
Moltar: "To..."
(A rollercoaster comes along, sweeping the three of them off the track with an explosion of red smoke.)
Space Ghost: Ow! Oh, God!

("Kentucky Nightmare" credits roll)

© 2004 Cartoon Network, Inc. All rights reserved.Animated Characters TM & © 1966 Hanna Barbera Productions, Inc.All Rights reserved.

Home | Ghost Planet Central | Episode Guide | Previous


